=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DHCP::FilterRule::Fingerprint - DHCP Fingerprint Filter Rule object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

DHCP Fingerprint Filter Rule object.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $filter_rule = Infoblox::DHCP::FilterRule::Fingerprint->new(
       filter_name   => $string,          #Required
       permission    => "grant" | "deny", #Required
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions are available to apply to a DHCP Fingerprint Filter Rule object.

=head2 Infoblox::DHCP::Range->filters( )

=over

Use this method to add a DHCP fingerprint Filter Rule object to the DHCP Range on the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::DHCP::Range-E<gt>filters()|Infoblox::DHCP::Range/filters()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Construct a DHCP Fingerprint Filter Rule object
 my $filter_rule = Infoblox::DHCP::FilterRule::Fingerprint->new(
       filter_name   => "filter",
       permission    => "grant",
 );

 #Add Fingerprint Filter Rule to the DHCP Range object.
 my $response = $dhcp_range->filters([$filter_rule]);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::DHCP::RangeTemplate->filters( )

=over

Use this method to add a DHCP fingerprint Filter Rule object to the DHCP Range Template on the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::DHCP::RangeTemplate-E<gt>filters()|Infoblox::DHCP::RangeTemplate/filters()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Construct a DHCP Fingerprint Filter Rule object
 my $filter_rule = Infoblox::DHCP::FilterRule::Fingerprint->new(
       filter_name   => "filter",
       permission    => "grant",
 );

 #Add Fingerprint Filter Rule to the DHCP Range Template object.
 my $response = $dhcp_range_template->filters([$filter_rule]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to set and retrieve the attribute values of a DHCP Fingerprint Filter Rule object.

=head2 filter_name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the filter_name of a DHCP Fingerprint Filter Rule object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Name of the DHCP Fingerprint filter. Maximum length up to 1024 bytes is supported.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get filter_name
 my $filter_name = $filter_rule->filter_name();
 #Modify filter_name
 $filter_rule->filter_name("fingerprint filter");

=back

=back

=head2 permission( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the permission of a DHCP Fingerprint Filter Rule object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify the permission in string format. The permission can be either "grant" or "deny".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get permission
 my $permission = $filter_rule->permission();
 #Modify permission
 $filter_rule->permission("deny");

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DHCP::Fingerprint|Infoblox::DHCP::Fingerprint>, L<Infoblox::DHCP::Filter::Fingerprint|Infoblox::DHCP::Filter::Fingerprint>, L<Infoblox::DHCP::Range|Infoblox::DHCP::Range>, L<Infoblox::DHCP::RangeTemplate|Infoblox::DHCP::RangeTemplate>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
