=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef::Descendants - an action for the extensible attributes that exist on descendants.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

An object that provides the action for extensible attributes that exist on descendants.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $descendants = Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef::Descendants->new(
    option_without_ea => "INHERIT" | "NOT_INHERIT",            # optional
    option_with_ea    => "RETAIN" | "CONVERT" | "INHERIT",     # optional
    option_delete_ea  => "RETAIN" | "REMOVE",                  # optional
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve attribute values of the extensible attributes that exist on descendants based on the corresponding action.

=head2 option_delete_ea( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the action for objects that contain inheritable extensible attributes if a parent object is deleted.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is "RETAIN" or "REMOVE".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get attribute value
 my $value = $descendants->option_delete_ea();
 #Modify attribute value
 $descendants->option_delete_ea('RETAIN');

=back

=back

=head2 option_with_ea( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the action for objects that contain inheritable extensible attributes.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is "RETAIN", "CONVERT" or "INHERIT".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get attribute value
 my $value = $descendants->option_with_ea();
 #Modify attribute value
 $descendants->option_with_ea('INHERIT');

=back

=back

=head2 option_without_ea( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the action for objects that do not contain inheritable extensible attributes.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is "INHERIT" or "NOT_INHERIT".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get attribute value
 my $value = $descendants->option_without_ea();
 #Modify attribute value
 $descendants->option_without_ea('NOT_INHERIT');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
