=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::CloudStatistics - Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::CloudStatistics object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This object aggregates Cloud API statistics.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in an Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to a Grid member object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the object from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over
 
=item B<Example>

 $session->get(object => "Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::CloudStatistics");

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 allocated_ip_count( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the total number of IPs allocated by tenants. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get allocated_ip_count
 $allocated_ip_count = $cloud_statistic->allocated_ip_count();

=back

=back

=head2 available_ip_count( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the total number of IPs available to tenants. Only IP under networks within a delegation scope are counted. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get available_ip_count
 $available_ip_count = $cloud_statistic->available_ip_count();

=back

=back

=head2 fixed_ip_count( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the total number of Fixed IPs currently in use by all tenants in the system. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get fixed_ip_count
 $fixed_ip_count = $cloud_statistic->fixed_ip_count();

=back

=back

=head2 floating_ip_count( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the total number of Floating IPs currently in use by all tenants in the system. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get floating_ip_count
 $floating_ip_count = $cloud_statistic->floating_ip_count();

=back

=back

=head2 tenant_count( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the total number of tenants currently in the system. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get tenant_count
 $tenant_count = $cloud_statistic->tenant_count();

=back

=back

=head2 tenant_ip_count( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the total number of IPs currently in use by all tenants in the system. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get tenant_ip_count
 $tenant_ip_count = $cloud_statistic->tenant_ip_count();

=back

=back

=head2 tenant_vm_count( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the total number of VMs currently in use by all tenants the system. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get tenant_vm_count
 $tenant_vm_count = $cloud_statistic->tenant_vm_count();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
