=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::Info  - Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::Info object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This structure aggregates all information related to Cloud objects.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods. It is retrieved as part of the objects supporting it.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 delegated_member( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the reference to the Cloud Platform Appliance to which authority of an object is delegated. If the delegated_scope value is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING, this is a read-only attribute.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None if the attribute is a read-only. Otherwise the valid value is an L<Infoblox::DHCP::Member|Infoblox::DHCP::Member> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

If this is a read-only attribute, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get delegated_member
 $delegated_member = $cloud_api_info->delegated_member();
 # Set delegated_member
 $cloud_api_info->delegated_member($member);

=back

=back

=head2 delegated_root( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

This method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get delegated_root
 $delegated_root = $cloud_api_info->delegated_root();

=back

=back

=head2 delegated_scope( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the delegation scope of the object. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

This method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get delegated_scope
 $delegated_scope = $cloud_api_info->delegated_scope();

=back

=back

=head2 owned_by_adaptor( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the information about whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

This method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get owned_by_adaptor
 $owned_by_adaptor = $cloud_api_info->owned_by_adaptor();

=back

=back

=head2 tenant( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

This method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get tenant
 $tenant = $cloud_api_info->tenant();

=back

=back

=head2 usage( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the  the cloud origin of the object. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

This method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get usage
 $usage = $cloud_api_info->usage();

=back

=back

=head2 authority_type( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the authority type of the object. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

This method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get authority_type
 $authority_type = $cloud_api_info->authority_type();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DHCP::Member|Infoblox::DHCP::Member>, L<Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::Tenant|Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::Tenant>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
