=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::Tenant - Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::Tenant object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This object represents an administrative concept in Cloud Management Platforms that associates all the network elements (networks, zones, VMs, IPs, ...) that are related and constitutive of the tenant.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in an Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to a Grid member object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

   comment       - Optional. Descriptive comments.
   id            - Optional. Unique ID associated with the tenant. Set at creation time only.
   name          - Required. Name of the tenant.
   unmanaged     - Optional. Flag to indicate if the tenant is unmanaged. Valid value is 'true' or 'false'.

=item B<Example>

 $session->get(object => "Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::Tenant", comment => "comment");

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify an object in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 $session->modify($tenant_object);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

   comment       - Optional. Descriptive comments (regular expression).
   id            - Optional. Unique ID associated with the tenant. Set at creation time only (regular expression).
   name          - Required. Name of the tenant (regular expression).
   unmanaged     - Optional. Flag to indicate if the tenant is unmanaged. Valid value is 'true' or 'false'.

=item B<Example>

 $session->get(object => "Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::Tenant", comment => "comment");

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a descriptive comment.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a comment in string format (UTF8) with a maximum of 256 bytes.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get comment
 $comment = $tenant->comment();
 # Modify comment
 $tenant->comment("New comment");

=back

=back

=head2 first_seen( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the date and time the first time the tenant was seen on the system. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1st, 1970 UTC.

=item B<Example>

 # Get first_seen
 $first_seen = $tenant->first_seen();

=back

=back

=head2 id( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve a unique ID associated with the tenant. Set at creation time only. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get id
 $id = $tenant->id();

=back

=back

=head2 last_seen( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the date and time the last time the tenant was seen on the system. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1st, 1970 UTC.

=item B<Example>

 # Get last_seen
 $last_seen = $tenant->last_seen();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the name of the tenant.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a comment in string format (UTF8) with a maximum of 64 bytes.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get name
 $name = $tenant->name();
 # Modify name
 $tenant->name("New name");

=back

=back

=head2 network_count( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the number of networks associated with the tenant. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get network_count
 $network_count = $tenant->network_count();

=back

=back

=head2 vm_count( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the number of VMs associated with the tenant. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get vm_count
 $vm_count = $tenant->vm_count();

=back

=back

=head2 unmanaged( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the boolean flag used to indicate if the tenant is unmanaged or not. This is a read-only attribute

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value. The valid return value is "true" or "false".

=item B<Example>

 # Get unmanaged
 $unmanaged = $tenant->unmanaged();

=back

=back

=head2 first_discovered_timestamp( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the date and time the tenant was first seen on the system. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is the number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1st, 1970 UTC.

=item B<Example>

 # Get first_discovered_timestamp
 $first_discovered_timestamp = $tenant->first_discovered_timestamp();

=back

=back

=head2 last_discovered_timestamp( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the date and time the tenant was last seen on the system. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is the number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1st, 1970 UTC.

=item B<Example>

 # Get last_discovered_timestamp
 $last_discovered_timestamp = $tenant->last_discovered_timestamp();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
