=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::User - Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::User object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This object defines an entry in ACL for Cloud API Users.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods. It is retrieved as a part of the Grid CloudAPI object.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

This section describes all the functions that you can apply to an CloudAPI User object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI->allowed_api_admins( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of administrators who can perform cloud API requests on the Grid Master. See L<Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI-E<gt>allowed_api_admins()|Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI/allowed_api_admins()>

=over

=item B<Example>

 my $cloud_user = Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::User->new(
     is_remote => "false",
     remote_admin => "",
     local_admin => $local_admin_user
 );

 unless($cloud_user) {
      die("Construct member failed: ",
            Infoblox::status_code() . ":" . Infoblox::status_detail());
 }
 print "User object created successfully\n";

 # Get CloudAPI object
 my $cloud_api = $session->get( object => "Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI" );

 # Modify CloudAPI object
 my $cloud_api->allowed_api_admins([$cloud_user]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 is_remote( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the user remote_admin status.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set user status to remote_admin or "false" to disable it.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get is_remote
 $is_remote = $user->is_remote()
 # Modify is_remote
 $user->is_remote('true')

=back

=back

=head2 local_admin( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a local administrator allowed to perform Cloud Platform API requests. Required if remote is false, should be none otherwise.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an L<Infoblox::Grid::Admin::User|Infoblox::Grid::Admin::User> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get local_admin
 $local_admin = $user->local_admin()
 # Modify local_admin
 $user->local_admin($admin_user)

=back

=back

=head2 remote_admin( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a username matching a remotely authenticated administrator allowed to perform Cloud Platform API requests. Required if remote is true, should be none otherwise.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a string containing a remotely authenticated administrator name.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get remote_admin
 $remote_admin = $user->remote_admin()
 # Modify remote_admin
 $user->remote_admin("remote_admin")

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Admin::User|Infoblox::Grid::Admin::User>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
