=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::VMAddress - Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::VMAddress object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Class that represents Tenant.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in an Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to a Grid member object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

   address            - Optional. IP address of the interface.
   mac_address        - Optional. MAC address of the interface.
   tenant_name        - Optional. Name of the tenant associated with the VM.
   vm_id              - Optional. UUID of the VMirtual Machine.
   vm_name            - Optional. Name of the Virtual Machine.

=item B<Example>

  $session->get(object => "Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::VMAddress", vm_id => $vm_id);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

   address            - Optional. IP address of the interface.
   mac_address        - Optional. MAC address of the interface.
   tenant_name        - Optional. Name of the tenant associated with the VM.
   vm_id              - Optional. UUID of the VMirtual Machine.
   vm_name            - Optional. Name of the Virtual Machine.

=item B<Example>

  $session->search(object => "Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::VMAddress", vm_name => "vm name");

=back

=back

=head2 address( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the IP address of the interface. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  # Get address
  $address = $vmaddress->address();

=back

=back

=head2 associated_objects( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the list of references to the object (Host, Fixed Address, RR, ...) that define this IP. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  # Get associated_objects
  @associated_objects = $vmaddress->associated_objects();

=back

=back

=head2 dns_names( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the list of all FQDN associated with the IP address. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  # Get dns_names
  @dns_names = $vmaddress->dns_names();

=back

=back

=head2 is_ipv4( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the address type whether the address is IPv4 or IPv6. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  # Get is_ipv4
  $is_ipv4 = $vmaddress->is_ipv4();

=back

=back

=head2 mac_address( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the MAC address of the interface. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  # Get mac_address
  $mac_address = $vmaddress->mac_address();

=back

=back

=head2 ms_ad_user_data( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve Microsoft Active Directory users related information. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is an L<Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdUser::Data|Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdUser::Data> object.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ms_ad_user_data
 my $ms_ad_user_data = $vmaddress->ms_ad_user_data();

=back

=back

=head2 network( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the network address / CIDR that contains the IP. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  # Get network
  $network = $vmaddress->network();

=back

=back

=head2 network_view( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the network view name that contains the IP. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  # Get network_view
  $network_view = $vmaddress->network_view();

=back

=back

=head2 port_id( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the port identifier of the interface. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  # Get port_id
  $port_id = $vmaddress->port_id();

=back

=back

=head2 tenant( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve a L<Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::Tenant|Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::Tenant> object. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  # Get tenant
  $tenant = $vmaddress->tenant();

=back

=back

=head2 tenant_name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the tenant name. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  # Get tenant_name
  $tenant_name = $vmaddress->tenant_name();

=back

=back

=head2 vm_id( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the UUID of the VMirtual Machine. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  # Get vm_id
  $vm_id = $vmaddress->vm_id();

=back

=back

=head2 vm_name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the name of the Virtual Machine. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  # Get vm_name
  $vm_name = $vmaddress->vm_name();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, L<Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::Tenant|Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::Tenant>, L<Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdUser::Data|Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdUser::Data>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
