=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Member::Taxii::RPZConfig - A Taxii Member RPZ Configuration object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Taxii Member RPZ Configuration object provides configuration for RPZ rule creation through the Taxii protocol.
Each Grid member running the Taxii server can support a separate set of response policy zones.
These zones will be accessible via a user configurable name for the STIX collection.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $rpz_config = Infoblox::Grid::Member::Taxii::RPZConfig->new(
     collection_name => $string, #Required
     zone            => $rpzone, #Required
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Member::Taxii->taxii_rpz_config( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the Taxii service RPZ configuration list.
See L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::Taxii-E<gt>taxii_rpz_config()|Infoblox::Grid::Member::Taxii/taxii_rpz_config()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get taxii_rpz_config value
 my $taxii_rpz_config = $object->taxii_rpz_config();

 #Modify taxii_rpz_config value
 $object->taxii_rpz_config([$conf1, $conf2]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

=head2 collection_name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the STIX collection name.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired collection name in sstring format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get collection_name value
 my $collection_name = $object->collection_name();

 #Modify collection_name value
 $object->collection_name('collection1');

=back

=back

=head2 zone( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the response policy zone that can be modified through the Taxii protocol.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

=back

 #Get zone value
 my $zone = $object->zone();

 #Modify zone value
 $object->zone($rp_zone);

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::Taxii|Infoblox::Grid::Member::Taxii>, 
L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::Taxii-E<gt>taxii_rpz_config()|Infoblox::Grid::Member::Taxii/taxii_rpz_config()/>, 
L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone> 

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
