=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DNS::FireEyeAlertMap - FireEye Alert Map object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The alert map object is used to configure FireEye alerts to Response Policy Zone rules.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $alertmap = Infoblox::DNS::FireEye::AlertMap->new(
     alert_type => "INFECTION_MATCH" | "WEB_INFECTION" | "MALWARE_OBJECT" | "DOMAIN_MATCH" | "MALWARE_CALLBACK", # Required
     rpz_rule   => "PASSTHRU" | "NXDOMAIN" | "NODATA" | "SUBSTITUTE" | "NONE", # Required
     lifetime   => $uint, # Required
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions are available to apply to a FireEye Alert Map object.

=head2 Infoblox::DNS::FireEye::RuleMapping->fireeye_alert_mapping( )

=over

Use this function to specify the alert map for this rule mapping. See L<Infoblox::DNS::FireEye::RuleMapping-E<gt>fireeye_alert_mapping()|Infoblox::DNS::FireEye::RuleMapping/fireeye_alert_mapping()/> for parameters, return values and code samples.

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set and retrieve the attribute values of a DNS Member object.

=head2 alert_type( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the alert type.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is one of "INFECTION_MATCH", "WEB_INFECTION", "MALWARE_OBJECT", "DOMAIN_MATCH" or "MALWARE_CALLBACK".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get alert_type
 my $alert_type = $am->alert_type();
 #Modify alert_type
 $am->alert_type("INFECTION_MATCH");

=back

=back

=head2 rpz_rule( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the rpz rule.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is one of "PASSTHRU", "NXDOMAIN", "NODATA", "SUBSTITUTE" or "NONE".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get rpz_rule
 my $rpz_rule = $am->rpz_rule();
 #Modify rpz_rule
 $am->rpz_rule("PASSTHRU");

=back

=back

=head2 lifetime( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the expiration lifetime for this alert type.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an unsigned integer, which specifies the amount of seconds this alert type will live for. 0 means the alert will never expire.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get lifetime
 my $lifetime = $am->lifetime();
 #Modify lifetime
 $am->lifetime(1234);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::FireEye::RuleMapping>, L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
