=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DNS::DNSSecKey - DNSSEC key object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The DNSSEC object contains information about keys available in authoritative zones.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 algorithm( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the public-key encryption algorithm. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The return value is the public-key encryption algorithm in string format.

=item B<Example>

 #Get algorithm value
 my $value = $dnssec_key->algorithm();

=back

=back

=head2 next_event_date( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the next event date. The event date can be a date for the rollover of an ACTIVE key or a PUBLISHED key, or the removal of a ROLLED key. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The date of next event in L<ISO 8601 extended format|Infoblox::Grid::ScheduledTask/SCHEDULED DATE AND TIME FORMAT> (e.g., 2008-10-21T10:56:00Z or 2008-10-21T10:56:00.001Z).

=item B<Example>

 #Get next_event_date value
 my $value = $dnssec_key->next_event_date();

=back

=back

=head2 public_key( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Base-64 encoding of the public key. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The return value is a Base-64 encoded public key in string format.

=item B<Example>

 #Get public_key value
 my $value = $dnssec_key->public_key();

=back

=back

=head2 status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve key status for the authoritative zone. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return values are "ACTIVE", "PUBLISHED" and "ROLLED".

=item B<Example>

 #Get status value
 my $value = $dnssec_key->status();

=back

=back

=head2 tag( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the key tag for the authoritative zone. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The return value is an integer between 0 and 65535.

=item B<Example>

 #Get tag value
 my $value = $dnssec_key->tag();

=back

=back

=head2 type( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the type of key. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return values are "KSK" and "ZSK".

=item B<Example>

 #Get type value
 my $value = $dnssec_key->type();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<ISO 8601 extended format|Infoblox::Grid::ScheduledTask/SCHEDULED DATE AND TIME FORMAT>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
