=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DNS::DNSSecKeyAlgorithm - DNSSEC key algorithm object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The DNSSEC key algorithm structure provides for configuring algorithms for Key-signing and Zone-signing keys. Multiple algorithms can be used at the same time per Grid or per zone.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 #Constructor for an DNSSEC key algorithm object
  my $algorithm = Infoblox::DNS::DNSSecKeyAlgorithm->new(
     algorithm => "RSAMD5" | "DSA" | "RSASHA1" | "RSASHA256" | "RSASHA512" ,  #Optional / Default is undefined
     size      => $num,                                                       #Optional / Default is undefined
   );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions are available to be applied to an DNSSecKeyAlgorithm object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::DNS->dnssec_ksk_algorithms( )

=over

Use this function to specify a DNSSEC key signing key algorithm at the grid level on the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS-E<gt>dnssec_ksk_algorithms()|Infoblox::Grid::DNS/dnssec_ksk_algorithms()> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Create a DNSSEC key algorithm object.
 my $algorithm = Infoblox::DNS::DNSSecKeyAlgorithm->new(
     algorithm => 'RSASHA256',
     size      => 512,
 );

 #Configure DNSSEC key signing key algorithms on the Infoblox grid object
 my $response = $grid->dnssec_ksk_algorithms([$algorithm]);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::DNS->dnssec_zsk_algorithms( )

=over

Use this function to specify a DNSSEC zone signing key algorithm at the grid level on the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS-E<gt>dnssec_zsk_algorithms()|Infoblox::Grid::DNS/dnssec_zsk_algorithms()> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Create a DNSSEC key algorithm object.
 my $algorithm = Infoblox::DNS::DNSSecKeyAlgorithm->new(
     algorithm => 'RSASHA512',
     size      => 1024,
 );

 #Configure DNSSEC zone signing key algorithms on the Infoblox grid object
 my $response = $grid->dnssec_zsk_algorithms([$algorithm]);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS->dnssec_ksk_algorithms( )

=over

Use this function to specify a DNSSEC key signing key at the member level on the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS-E<gt>dnssec_ksk_algorithms()|Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS/dnssec_ksk_algorithms()> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Create a DNSSEC key algorithm object.
 my $algorithm = Infoblox::DNS::DNSSecKeyAlgorithm->new(
     algorithm => 'RSASHA512',
     size      => 1024,
 );

 #Configure DNSSEC key signing key algorithms on the Infoblox member object
 my $response = $member->dnssec_ksk_algorithms([$algorithm]);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS->dnssec_zsk_algorithms( )

=over

Use this function to specify a DNSSEC zone signing key at the member level on the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS-E<gt>dnssec_zsk_algorithms()|Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS/dnssec_zsk_algorithms()> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Create a DNSSEC key algorithm object.
 my $algorithm = Infoblox::DNS::DNSSecKeyAlgorithm->new(
     algorithm => 'RSASHA512',
     size      => 1024,
 );

 #Configure DNSSEC zone signing key algorithms on the Infoblox member object
 my $response = $member->dnssec_zsk_algorithms([$algorithm]);

=back

=back

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

this section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 algorithm( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve signing key algorithm.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is 'RSAMD5', 'DSA', 'RSASHA1', 'RSASHA256' or 'RSASHA512'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get algorithm value
 my $algorithm = $dnssec_key_algorithm->algorithm();
 #Modify algorithm value
 $dnssec_key_algorithm->algorithm('RSASHA512');

=back

=back

=head2 size( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve signing key size, in bits.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The DNSSEC key-signing key possible size depends on the algorithm. Use the following table to determine the possible values for key sizes:

    Algorithm    Key size     Additional restrictions
  NSEC
    RSA/MD5      512-4096
    DSA/SHA1     512-1024     Key size must be divisible by 64
    RSA/SHA1     512-4096
    RSA256/SHA2  512-4096
    RSA512/SHA2  1024-4096
  NSEC3
    DSA/SHA1     512-1024     Key size must be divisible by 64
    RSA/SHA1     512-4096
    RSA256/SHA2  512-4096
    RSA512/SHA2  1024-4096

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get size value
 my $size = $dnssec_key_algorithm->size();
 #Modify size value
 $dnssec_key_algorithm->size(1024);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS|Infoblox::Grid::DNS>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS|Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS>, L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS-E<gt>dnssec_ksk_algorithms()|Infoblox::Grid::DNS/dnssec_ksk_algorithms()>, L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS-E<gt>dnssec_zsk_algorithms()|Infoblox::Grid::DNS/dnssec_zsk_algorithms()>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS-E<gt>dnssec_ksk_algorithms()|Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS/dnssec_ksk_algorithms()>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS-E<gt>dnssec_zsk_algorithms()|Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS/dnssec_zsk_algorithms()>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
