=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Port::Control::TaskDetails - port control task details.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about port control task details.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 id( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the task ID. This attribute is read-only.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->id();

=back

=back

=head2 is_synchronized( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the flag indicates if the task completed and matched with current discovered value. This attribute is read-only.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->is_synchronized();

=back

=back

=head2 status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the task status. This attribute is read-only.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->status();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Port::Config::AdminStatus|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Port::Config::AdminStatus>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Port::Config::Description|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Port::Config::Description>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Port::Config::VlanInfo|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Port::Config::VlanInfo>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
