=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::DNS::AllNsgroups - All NS Groups object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The All NS Groups object is a generic nameserver group object that provides information about all nameserver groups.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in an Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance.
See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific nameserver group object:

  name    - Optional. The nameserver group name in a string format.
  comment - Optional. The nameserver group comment in a string format.
  type    - Optional. The nameserver group type in a string format.

=item B<Examples>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object  => 'Infoblox::Grid::DNS::AllNsgroups',
     name    => 'ns_group_a',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to search for the object:

  name    - Optional. The nameserver group name in a string format (regexp).
  comment - Optional. The nameserver group comment in a string format (regexp).
  type    - Optional. The nameserver group type in a string format (exact).

=item B<Examples>

 # search for objects
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object       => 'Infoblox::Grid::DNS::AllNsgroups',
     name         => 'ns_.*',
     comment      => '.*comment',
);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to retrieve the attribute values of a nameserver group.

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the nameserver group descriptive comment. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get comment value
 my $comment = $object->comment();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the nameserver group name. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name value
 my $name = $object->name();

=back

=back

=head2 type( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the nameserver group type. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return values are 'AUTH', 'FORWARDING_MEMBER', 'STUB_MEMBER', 'DELEGATION', 'FORWARD_STUB_SERVER'.

=item B<Example>

 #Get type value
 my $type = $object->type();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>,

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
