=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::DNS::BulkHostNameTemplate - Manages the DNS bulk host name formats defined at the grid level.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Bulk host name template defines the format based on which the host names are generated from a bulk host..

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $bulk_host_name_template = Infoblox::Grid::DNS::BulkHostNameTemplate->new(
     template_name   => $string,    #Required
     template_format => $string     #Required
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions are available to apply to the bulk host name template object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::DNS->bulk_host_name_templates( )

=over

Use this function to specify a bulk host name template at the grid level in the Infoblox appliance.

Note that we can't remove or modify default bulk host name templates we can only add and modify our custom templates to the current bulk host name templates array.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Create a BulkHostNameTemplate object.
 my $custom_template = Infoblox::Grid::DNS::BulkHostNameTemplate->new(
    template_name   => "test",
    template_format => "-#1-#2-#3-#4",
 );

 #Retrieve bulk host name templates array
 my $bhnt = $grid_dns->bull_host_name_templates();

 #Configure bulk host name template on the Infoblox grid object
 push @$bhnt, $custom_template;
 my $response = $grid_dns->bulk_host_name_templates($bhnt);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to configure and retrieve the attributes values of a bulk host name template object.

=head2 template_name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the name of bulk host name template.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

String with the name of the bulk host name template.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get template_name
 my $template_name = $bulk_host_name_template->template_name();
 #Modify template_name
 $template_name->template_name("new_name");

=back

=back

=head2  template_format( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the format of bulk host name template.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The format of bulk host name template. It should follow certain rules (please use Administration Guide as reference).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get template_format
 my $template_format = $bulk_host_name_template->template_format();
 #Modify template_format
 $bulk_host_name_template>template_format("-#1-#2-#3-#4");

=back

=back

=head1 SAMPLE CODE

The following sample code demonstrates different operations that can be applied to a bulk host name template object such as create, modify, and remove. Also, this sample code includes error handling for the operations.

 #PROGRAM STARTS: Include all the modules that will be used
 use strict;
 use Infoblox;

 #Create a session to the Infoblox appliance
 my $session = Infoblox::Session->new(
     master   => "192.168.1.2",
     username => "admin",
     password => "infoblox"
 );
 unless ($session) {
     die( "Construct session failed: ",
         Infoblox::status_code() . ":" . Infoblox::status_detail() );
 }
 print "Session created successfully\n";

 #Create a new bulk host name template object

 my $my_template = Infoblox::Grid::DNS::BulkHostNameTemplate->new(
     template_name   => "My Template",
     template_format => "#4",
 );
 unless ($my_template) {
     die(
         "Construct bulk host name template object my_template failed: ",
         Infoblox::status_code() . ":" . Infoblox::status_detail()
     );
 }
 print "Bulk host name template object my_template created successfully\n";

 #Get the Member DNS object to add a bulk host name template object to it

 my $grid_dns =
   $session->get( "object" => "Infoblox::Grid::DNS", "grid" => "Infoblox" );
 unless ($grid_dns) {
     die( "Get Grid DNS failed: ",
         $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail() );
 }

 my $bhnt = $grid_dns->bulk_host_name_templates();

 #Add new bulk host name template to Grid DNS bulk host name templates

 unshift(@$bhnt, $my_template);
 $grid_dns->bulk_host_name_templates($bhnt);

 $session->modify($grid_dns)
   or die( "modify Grid DNS failed:",
     $session->status_code(), $session->status_detail() );
 print "Modify grid DNS successful for bulk host name template object\n";

 ####PROGRAM ENDS####

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS|Infoblox::Grid::DNS>, L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get(/)>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
