=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::DNS::ClientSubnetDomain - a DNS client subnet domain object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The DNS client subnet domain represent the zone domain name that is allowed or forbidden for the EDNS client subnet (ECS) recursion.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $object = Infoblox::Grid::DNS::ClientSubnetDomain->new(
     'domain'     => $fqdn,            # Required
     'permission' => 'ALLOW' | 'DENY', # Optional / Default is 'ALLOW'
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a DNS client subnet domain object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::DNS->client_subnet_domains( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of zone domain names that are allowed or forbidden for EDNS client subnet (ECS) recursion.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get client_subnet_domains value
 my $value = $grid_dns->client_subnet_domains();

 #Construct Infoblox::Grid::DNS::ClientSubnetDomain object
 my $object = Infoblox::Grid::ClientSubnetDomain->new(
     domain     => 'domain.com',
     permission => 'DENY',
 );

 #Modify client_subnet_domains value
 $grid_dns->client_subnet_domains([$object]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 domain( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the client subnet zone domain name.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a Fully-Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) that represents the desired zone domain name.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get domain value
 my $value = $object->domain();

 #Modify domain value
 $object->domain('test-domain.com');

=back

=back

=head2 permission( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the client subnet domain ECS permission.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid values are 'ALLOW' and 'DENY'. The default value is 'ALLOW'.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get permission value
 my $value = $object->permission();

 #Modify permission value
 $object->permission('DENY');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS|Infoblox::Grid::DNS>,
L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS-E<gt>client_subnet_domains()|Infoblox::Grid::DNS/client_subnet_domains()/>,

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
