=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::DNS::ResponseRateLimiting - a DNS Response Rate Limiting object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The DNS Response Rate Limiting object provides information about DNS response rate limiting configuration.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $response_rate_limiting = Infoblox::Grid::DNS::ResponseRateLimiting->new(
	enable_rrl           => 'true' | 'false', # Optional
	log_only             => 'true' | 'false', # Optional
	responses_per_second => $uint,            # Optional
	window               => $uint,            # Optional
	slip                 => $uint,            # Optional
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a DNS Response Rate Limiting object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::DNS->response_rate_limiting( )

=over

+Use this method to set or retrieve DNS response rate limiting settings. See L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS-E<gt>response_rate_limiting()|Infoblox::Grid::DNS/response_rate_limiting()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get response_rate_limiting value
 my $response_rate_limiting = $grid_dns->response_rate_limiting();
 #Modify bind_check_response_rate_limiting
 $grid_dns->response_rate_limiting($response_rate_limiting);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS->response_rate_limiting( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve DNS response rate limiting settings on the member. See L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS-E<gt>response_rate_limiting()|Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS/response_rate_limiting()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get response_rate_limiting value
 my $response_rate_limiting = $member_dns->response_rate_limiting();
 #Modify response_rate_limiting
 $member_dns->response_rate_limiting($response_rate_limiting);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::DNS::View->response_rate_limiting( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve DNS response rate limiting settings for the DNS view. See L<Infoblox::DNS::View-E<gt>response_rate_limiting()|Infoblox::DNS::View/response_rate_limiting()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get response_rate_limiting value
 my $response_rate_limiting = $dns_view->response_rate_limiting();
 #Modify response_rate_limiting
 $dns_view->response_rate_limiting($response_rate_limiting);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

=head1 enable_rrl( )

=over

Use this method to enabel or disable response rate limiting.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to enable response rate limiting or 'false' to disable it.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable_rrl value
 my $enable_rrl = $response_rate_limiting->enable_rrl();
 #Modify enable_rrl 
 $response_rate_limiting->enable_rrl('true');

=back

=back

=head1 log_only( )

=over

Use this method to enable or disable logging for response rate limiting without dropping any requests.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to enable logging for response rate limiting without dropping any requests or 'false' to disable it.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get log_only value
 my $log_only = $response_rate_limiting->log_only();
 #Modify log_only 
 $response_rate_limiting->log_only('true');

=back

=back

=head1 responses_per_second( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the number of responses per client per second.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an unsigned integer.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get responses_per_second value
 my $responses_per_second = $response_rate_limiting->responses_per_second();
 #Modify responses_per_second 
 $response_rate_limiting->responses_per_second(50);

=back

=back

=head1 slip( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the response rate limiting slip.

Note that if a slip does not equal 0, instead of dropping the request, a truncated response is sent to each n-th rate-limited UDP request.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an unsigned integer.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get slip value
 my $slip = $response_rate_limiting->slip();
 #Modify slip 
 $response_rate_limiting->slip(50);

=back

=back

=head1 window( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the time interval in seconds over which responses are tracked.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an unsigned integer.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get window value
 my $window = $response_rate_limiting->window();
 #Modify window 
 $response_rate_limiting->window(10);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS|Infoblox::Grid::DNS>, L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS-E<gt>response_rate_limiting()|Infoblox::Grid::DNS/response_rate_limiting()/>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS|Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS-E<gt>response_rate_limiting()|Infoblox::Grid::Member::DNS/response_rate_limiting()/>, L<Infoblox::DNS::View-E<gt>response_rate_limiting()|Infoblox::DNS::View/response_rate_limiting()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
