=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::DNS::ScavengingTask - A DNS scavenging task object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The DNS scavenging task object provides information on scavenging process state. This is a read-only object.

The object is created as a result of L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>run_scavenging()|Infoblox::Session/run_scavenging()/> function call and cannot be added or removed manually.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in the Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to a DNS scavenging task object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:
     associated_object - Optional. The DNS object associated with scavenging process.
     action            - Optional. The scavenging action.
     status            - Optional. The scavenging status.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::Grid::DNS::ScavengingTask',
     action => 'ANALYZE',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:
     associated_object - Optional. The DNS object associated with scavenging process.
     action            - Optional. The scavenging action.
     status            - Optional. The scavenging status.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object => 'Infoblox::Grid::DNS::ScavengingTask',
     action => 'ANALYZE',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to retrieve the attribute values of a DNS scavenging task object.

=head2 action( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the scavenging action. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return values are 'ANALYZE', 'RECLAIM', 'ANALYZE_RECLAIM' and 'RESET'.

=item B<Example>

 #Get action value
 my $action = $object->action();

=back

=back

=head2 associated_object( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the object associated with the scavenging task. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return values are L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS|Infoblox::Grid::DNS>, L<Infoblox::DNS::View|Infoblox::DNS::View> and L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone>.

=item B<Example>

 #Get associated_object value
 my $associated_object = $object->associated_object();

=back

=back

=head2 end_time( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the end time for the scavenging task. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, the number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1st, 1970 UTC.

=item B<Example>

 #Get end_time value
 my $end_time = $object->end_time();

=back

=back

=head2 processed_records( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the number of resource records being processed during the scavenging process. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get processed_records value
 my $processed_records = $object->processed_records();

=back

=back

=head2 reclaimable_records( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the number of scavenged resource records during the scavenging process. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get reclaimable_records value
 my $reclaimable_records = $object->reclaimable_records();

=back

=back

=head2 reclaimed_records( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the number of reclaimed during the scavenging process resource records. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get reclaimed_records value
 my $reclaimed_records = $object->reclaimed_records();

=back

=back

=head2 start_time( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the start time for the scavenging process. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, the number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1st, 1970 UTC.

=item B<Example>

 #Get start_time value
 my $start_time = $object->start_time();

=back

=back

=head2 status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the scavenging process status. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return values are 'CREATED', 'RUNNING'. 'COMPLETED' and 'ERROR'.

=item B<Example>

 #Get status value
 my $status = $object->status();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>run_scavenging()|Infoblox::Session/run_scavenging()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS|Infoblox::Grid::DNS>, 
L<Infoblox::DNS::View|Infoblox::DNS::View>, 
L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone>, 

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
