=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ThreatInsight::CloudClient - Grid Threat Insight Cloud Client object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Use this object to configure the cloud client that is used for integrating with Infoblox Threat Insight in the cloud.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a Infoblox::Grid::ThreatInsight::CloudClient object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance.
See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     'object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatInsight::CloudClient',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify an object in the Infoblox appliance.
See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 # Use this method to modify some of the attributes of the object.
 $object->enable('true');

 # Submit modification
 my $response = $session->modify($object);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve values of the Grid Threat Insight Cloud Client object.

=head2 blacklist_rpz_list( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of RPZs to which domains detected by the Threat Insight Cloud Client are targeted.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array of L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone> objects.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get blacklist_rpz_list value
 my $blacklist_rpz_list = $object->blacklist_rpz_list();

 #Modify blacklist_rpz_list value
 $object->blacklist_rpz_list([$rpz_zone]);

=back

=back

=head2 enable( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the flag that indicates whether Threat Insight on the Cloud Client is enabled.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to enable the Threat Insight in the Cloud Client and 'false' to disable it. The default is 'false'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable value
 my $enable = $object->enable();

 #Modify enable value
 $object->enable('true');

=back

=back

=head2 force_refresh( )

=over

Use this method to set the flag that indicates whether force refresh for Response Policy Zones is enabled. This is a write-only attribute.

Note that force refresh takes effect only if at least one new Response Policy Zone is configured. Otherwise, the corresponding CLI command is used.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to enable force refresh for the Response Policy Zone and 'false' to disable it. The default is 'true'.

=item B<Parameter>

The method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #Modify force_refresh value
 $object->force_refresh('false');

=back

=back

=head2 interval( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the time interval (in seconds) for the Threat Insight Cloud Client integration.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an unsigned integer between 60 and 3600. The default value is 600.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get interval value
 my $interval = $object->interval();

 #Modify interval value
 $object->interval(3000);

=back

=back

=head2 request_threat_insight_cloud_client_token( )

=over

Use this method to request the Threat Insight Cloud Client authentication token.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 email    - Required. The user email address from the Cloud Services Portal for authentication purposes.
 password - Required. The user password from the Cloud Services Portal for authentication purposes.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the authentication token if the request succceeds, and returns 0 if it fails.

=item B<Example>

 my $token = $object->request_threat_insight_cloud_client_token(
     'email'    => 'test@infoblox.com',
     'password' => 'secret');

=back

=back


=head2 test_threat_insight_cloud_client_connectivity( )

=over

Use this method to test the Threat Insight Cloud Client connectivity.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 token - Optional. The custom token from the Cloud Services Portal for authentication purposes.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns an L<Infoblox::Grid::TestResult|Infoblox::Grid::TestResult> object if the connectivity test occurs, and returns 0 otherwise.

=item B<Example>

 my $res = $object->test_threat_insight_cloud_client_connectivity();

=back

=back

=head2 token( )

=over

Use this method to set the Threat Insight Cloud Client authentication token. This is a write-only attribute.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired token in string format.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #Modify token value
 $object->token('1c7c764a846ee4d304e23de8baf3ef9a');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>, 
L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
