=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Member::BGP::AS - BGP (Border Gateway Protocol) Autonomous System (AS) object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

An Infoblox::BGP::AS object represents a BGP Autonomous System configured at the grid member level.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $bgp_as = Infoblox::Grid::Member::BGP::AS->new(
     as              => $num,                            # Optional / Default value is undefined
     keepalive       => $num,                            # Optional / Default value is 4
     holddown        => $num,                            # Optional / Default value is 16
     neighbors       => [ $neighbor1, $neighbor2, ... ], # Optional / Default value is empty
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a BGP AS object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Member->bgp_as( )

=over

Use this function to specify BGP Autonomous Systems for the grid member. See L<Infoblox::Grid::Member-E<gt>bgp_as()|Infoblox::Grid::Member/bgp_as()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Construct a BGP neighbor
 my $neighbor = Infoblox::Grid::Member::BGP::Neighbor->new(
     neighbor_ip          => "172.16.0.1",
     remote_as           => 1234,
     interface           => "LAN_HA",
 );

 #Construct a BGP AS
 my $autonomous_system = Infoblox::Grid::Member::BGP::AS->new(
     as          => 269,
     keepalive       => 4,
     holddown        => 16,
     neighbors       => [ $neighbor ]
 );

 # Configure BGP on the Grid Member object
 my $response = $Grid_Member->bgp_as([$as]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to configure and retrieve the attribute values of an Infoblox::BGP::AS object.

=head2 as( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the number of this AS.

A valid AS number is required to advertise to neighbors defined in this AS.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

An AS number is a 16-bit integer from 1 to 65535.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get AS number
 my $as_number = $autonomous_system->as();
 #Modify AS number
 $autonomous_system->as(300);

=back

=back

=head2 keepalive( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the AS keepalive timer.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The number of seconds for the keepalive timer. The valid value is from 1 to 21845 seconds.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get AS keepalive timer
 my $keepalive = $autonomous_system->keepalive();
 #Modify AS keepalive timer
 $autonomous_system->keepalive(3600);

=back

=back

=head2 holddown( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the AS hold down timer.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The number of seconds for the hold down timer. The valid value is from 3 to 65535 seconds.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get Autonomous System hold down timer
 my $holddown = $autonomous_system->holddown();
 #Modify Autonomous System hold down timer
 $autonomous_system->holddown(3600);

=back

=back

=head2 neighbors( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the BGP neighbors for the Infoblox::BGP::AS object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array reference that contains L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::BGP::Neighbor|Infoblox::Grid::Member::BGP::Neighbor> object(s).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get AS neighbor list
 my $neighbors = $autonomous_system->neighbors();
 #Modify AS neighbors
 $autonomous_system->neighbors( [ $neighbor1, $neighbor2 ] );

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Member|Infoblox::Grid::Member>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::BGP::Neighbor|Infoblox::Grid::Member::BGP::Neighbor>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
