=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer - DHCP Network Container object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A network can contain child networks. The network that contains the child network is called a network container.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

  my $network = Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer->new(
                  network                         => $ipv4_subnet/prefix,               #Required, when creating a network container
                  auto_create_reversezone         => "true" | "false",                  #Optional / Default is "false"
                  comment                         => $string| undef,                    #Optional / Default is undefined
                  remove_subnets                  => "true" | "false",                  #Optional / Default is undefined
                  rir_organization                => $rir_org,                          #Optional / An Infoblox::Grid::RIR::Organization object
                  rir_registration_action         => 'NONE' | 'CREATE' | 'MODIFY' | 'DELETE',  # Optional / write-only
                  rir_registration_status         => 'NOT_REGISTERED' | 'REGISTERED',   #Optional / Default is 'NOT_REGISTERED'
                  send_rir_request                => 'true' | 'false',                  #Optional / write-only
                  delete_reason                   => $string,                           #Optional / write-only
                                                                                        #Required only if 'rir_registration_action' is specified as 'DELETE'
                  mgm_private                     => "true" | "false",                  #Optional / Default is "false"
                  network_container               => $ipv4_subnet/prefix,               #Optional / Default is "/"
                  network_view                    => $NetworkView,                      #Optional / Default is "default" network view
                  zone_associations               => [$zone1, $zone2, ... ] | undef,    #Optional / Default is an empty list
                  extattrs                        => { $string => $extattr, ... },      #Optional / Default is undefined
                  extensible_attributes           => { $string => $string | $num, $string => [ $string | $num, ... ], ... } #Required if 'rir_organization' attribute is defined. Otherwise is optional
                  discovery_blackout_setting      => $blackout,                         #Optional
                  port_control_blackout_setting   => $blackout,                         #Optional
                  override_blackout_setting       => "true" | "false",                  #Optional / Default value is "false"
                  same_port_control_discovery_blackout  => "true" | "false",            #Optional / Default value is "false"
                  ipam_trap_settings               => $ipam_trap,                       #Optional / An Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::IPAMTrap object
                  override_ipam_trap_settings      => "true" | "false",                 #Optional / Default value is "false"
                  ipam_threshold_settings          => $ipam_threshold,                  #Optional / An Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::IPAMThreshold object
                  override_ipam_threshold_settings => "true" | "false",                 #Optional / Default value is "false"
                  ipam_email_addresses             => [$email1, $email2, ...],          #Optional / Default is an empty list
                  override_ipam_email_addresses    => "true" | "false",                 #Optional / Default value is "false"

                  authority                       => "true" | "false"| undef,           #Optional / Default is undefined
                  bootfile                        => $filename | undef,                 #Optional / Default is undefined
                  bootserver                      => $ipv4addr | $fqdn | undef,         #Optional / Default is undefined
                  ddns_domainname                 => $string| undef,                    #Optional / Default is undefined
                  ddns_generate_hostname          => "true" | "false" | undef,          #Optional / Default is undefined
                  ddns_server_always_updates      => "true" | "false",                  #Optional / Default is "true"
                  ddns_ttl                        => $num,                              #Optional / Default is "0"
                  ddns_use_option81               => "true" | "false" | undef,          #Optional / Default is undefined
                  ddns_update_fixed_addresses     => "true" | "false" | undef,          #Optional / Default is undefined
                  deny_bootp                      => "true" | "false" | undef,          #Optional / Default is undefined
                  email_list                      => [ "admin\@test.com",...] | undef,  #Optional / Default is undefined
                  enable_ddns                     => "true" | "false" | undef,          #Optional / Default is undefined
                  enable_dhcp_thresholds          => "true" | "false",                  #Optional / Default is "false"
                  enable_email_warnings           => "true" | "false",                  #Optional / Default is "false"
                  enable_snmp_warnings            => "true" | "false",                  #Optional / Default is "false"
                  high_water_mark                 => $number,                           #Optional / Default is "95"
                  high_water_mark_reset           => $number,                           #Optional / Default is "95"
                  ignore_dhcp_option_list_request => "true" | "false" | undef,          #Optional / Default is undefined
                  ignore_id                       => 'NONE' | 'CLIENT' | 'MACADDR',     #Optional / Default is 'NONE'
                  ignore_mac_addresses            => [ "mac_addr", ... ] | undef        #Optional / Default is undefined
                  lease_scavenge_time             => $number,                           #Optional / Default is "-1"
                  low_water_mark                  => $number,                           #Optional / Default is "0"
                  low_water_mark_reset            => $number,                           #Optional / Default is "0"
                  nextserver                      => $ipv4addr | $fqdn | undef,         #Optional / Default is undefined
                  options                         => [$Option1,$Option2,...],           #Optional / Default is empty list
                  override_ddns_domainname        => "true" | "false",                  #Optional / Default value is "false"
                  override_ddns_ttl               => "true" | "false",                  #Optional / Default value is "false"
                  override_lease_scavenge_time    => "true" | "false",                  #Optional / Default value is "false"
                  override_mgm_private            => "true" | "false",                  #Optional / Default value is "false"
                  override_update_dns_on_lease_renewal => "true" | "false",             #Optional / Default value is "false"
                  override_ignore_id              => "true" | "false",                  #Optional / Default value is "false"
                  pxe_lease_time                  => $num | undef,                      #Optional / Default is undefined
                  recycle_leases                  => "true" | "false" | undef,          #Optional / Default is undefined
                  update_dns_on_lease_renewal     => "true" | "false",                  #Optional / Default value is "false"
                  logic_filters                   => [ $filter_name | $filter_obj, ...], #Optional / Default is undefined
                  override_logic_filters          => "true' | 'false",                   #Optional / Default value is "false"
                  subscribe_settings          => $subscribe_settings,                    #Optional / Default is undefined
                  override_subscribe_settings => 'true' | 'false',                       #Optional / Default is 'false'
                  discovery_engine_type       => 'NETMRI' | 'NETWORK_INSIGHT' | 'VDISCOVERY' | 'UNKNOWN' | 'NONE', #Optional / Default is 'NONE'
               );

You cannot set both extattrs and extensible_attributes at the same time.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in an Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to a DHCP Network Container object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->add( )

=over

Use this method to add a DHCP Network Container object to the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Adding a network container.
 #Construct an object
 my $network_container = Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer->new(
        network => "20.0.0.0/8",
 );

 # Submit for adding a network container
 my $response = $session->add( $network_container );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching DHCP Network Container objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

'discover_now_status' will not be returned by default, use 'return_methods' to request it if needed.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific DHCP Network Container object:

  network               - Optional. The IP address and netmask of a network in CIDR format.
  network_container     - Optional. The network container, in CIDR format, to which this network container belongs.
  network_view          - Optional. The network view in which the network is located. By default, all network views are searched.
  extattrs              - Optional. A hash reference containing extensible attributes.
  extensible_attributes - Optional. A hash reference containing extensible attributes.
  comment               - Optional. A comment in string format.

=item B<Examples>

  my  @result_array = $session->get(
       object        => "Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer",
       network       => "20.0.0.0/8",
       network_view  => "default"
  );

  my  @result_array = $session->get(
       object                => "Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer",
       extensible_attributes => { 'Site' => 'Santa Clara' }
  );

  my  @result_array = $session->get(
       object  => "Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer",
       comment => "my-comment",
  );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify a DHCP Network Container object in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Use method to modify comment.
 $network_container->comment("modified comment");
 # Submit modification
 my $response = $session->modify( $network_container );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->remove( )

=over

Use this method to remove an object from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/> for parameters and return values.

To remove a specifc object, first use get() or search() to retrieve the specific object, and then submit this object for removal.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 remove_options - Optional. A hash reference containing the following attributes:

 +------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
 | reason             - Optional. The reason for removing the network container in string   |
 |                      format with a maximum of 256 bytes.                                 |
 |                      Used when 'rir_organization' attribute has been defined.            |
 | send_rir_request   - Optional. Boolean flag that indicates whether the appliance should  |
 |                      send an API or email request for Regional Internet Registry (RIR).  |
 |                      Used when 'rir_organization' attribute has been defined.            |
 +------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

=item B<Example>

 # Get the object under the same name
my  @result_array = $session->get(

       object        => "Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer" ,
       network       => "20.0.0.0/8",
       network_view  => "default"
  );

 # Find the desired object in the retrieved list.
 my $network_container = $result_array[0];

 # Submit for removal
 my $response = $session->remove(
     $network_container,
     remove_options => {'reason' => 'Moved to B3', send_rir_request => 'true'} );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for a DHCP Network Container object in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

'discover_now_status' will not be returned by default, use 'return_methods' to request it if needed.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to search for a DHCP Network Container object:

  network               - Optional. The IP address and netmask of a network in CIDR format (regular expression).
  network_container     - Optional. The network container, in CIDR format, to which this network container belongs.
  network_view          - Optional. The network view in which the network is located. By default, all network views are searched.
  extattrs              - Optional. A hash reference containing extensible attributes.
  extensible_attributes - Optional. A hash reference containing extensible attributes.
  comment               - Optional. A comment in string format (regular expression).

For more information about searching extensible attributes, see L<Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDefE<sol>Searching Extensible Attributes|Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef/Searching Extensible Attributes>.

=item B<Examples>

 # search for all DHCP Network Container objects
     my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
       object       => "Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer",
       network      => '20\.0\.0\..*',
       network_view => "default"
     );

 # search network by comment
     my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
       object    => "Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer",
       comment   => "my-comment",
     );

 # search for all DHCP Network Container objects defining "Santa Clara" for "Site" extensible attribute
     my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
       object                => "Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer",
       extensible_attributes => { 'Site' => 'Santa Clara' }
     );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a DHCP Network Container object.

=head2 authority( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the authority of a DHCP Network Container object. This setting overrides the upper-level settings.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the authority or "false" to deactivate/unset it. The default value for this field is undefined, which indicates that this attribute inherit the upper-level setting.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get authority
 my $authority = $network_container->authority()
 # Modify authority
 $network_container->authority("true");

=back

=back

=head2  auto_create_reversezone( )

=over

Use this method to set the auto_create_reversezone flag of a DHCP Network Container object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. This is a write-only attribute and cannot be retrieved after it is set.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the auto_create_reversezone flag or "false" to deactivate/unset it. The default value for this field is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 # Modify auto_create_reversezone
 $network_container->auto_create_reversezone("true");

=back

=back

=head2  bootfile( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a bootfile attribute of a DHCP Network Container object. You can configure the DHCP server to support clients that use boot file name option in their DHCPREQUEST messages. This setting overrides the upper-level settings.
The default value is undefined, which indicates that this attribute inherits the upper-level setting.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

This option is overridden independently from L<Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer-E<gt>bootserver()|Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer/bootserver()/> and L<Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer-E<gt>nextserver()|Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer/nextserver()/>.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The name, in string format, of the file that the client must download. The default value is undefined.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get bootfile
 my $bootfile = $network_container->bootfile();
 # Modify bootfile
 $network_container->bootfile("bootfile1");
 #Un-override bootfile
 $network_container->bootfile(undef);

=back

=back

=head2  bootserver( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a bootserver attribute of a DHCP Network Container object. You can specify the name and/or IP address of the boot server that host needs to boot. This setting overrides the upper-level settings.
The default value is undefined, which indicates that this attribute inherits the upper-level setting.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

This option is overridden independently from L<Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer-E<gt>bootfile()|Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer/bootfile()/> and L<Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer-E<gt>nextserver()|Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer/nextserver()/>.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The boot server IP address or name in FQDN (Fully Qualified Domain Name) format. The FQDN consists of the host name followed by the domain name (example: abc.com). A boot server name can have a maximum of 256 bytes. The default value is undefined.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get bootserver
 my $bootserver = $network_container->bootserver();
 # Modify bootserver
 $network_container->bootserver("abc.domain.com");
 #Un-override bootserver
 $network_container->bootserver(undef);

=back

=back

=head2  comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a descriptive comment for a DHCP Network Container object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Enter a descriptive comment for the network container in string format with a maximum of 256 bytes.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get comment
 my $comment = $network_container->comment();
 # Modify comment
 $network_container->comment("add a network");

=back

=back

=head2 cloud_info( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve cloud API related information for the Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a L<Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::Info|Infoblox::Grid::CloudAPI::Info> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get cloud_info
 my $cloud_info = $network_view->cloud_info();
 # Modify cloud_info
 $network_view->cloud_info($cloud_info_object);

=back

=back

=head2 ddns_domainname( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the ddns_domainname value of a DHCP Network Container object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

Setting this method to a defined value implicitly sets the override_ddns_domainname method to "true". Setting the parameter to undefined causes the appliance to use the Grid default and automatically resets the override_ddns_domainname attribute to "false".

Note that when ddns_domainname is set to a defined value and override_dddns_domainname is set to "false", the last operation takes precedence. Thus the sequence $object->ddns_domainname("testdomain"); $object->override_ddns_domainname("false"); will set override_ddns_domainname to "false", and the sequence $object->override_ddns_domainname("false"); $object->ddns_domainname("testdomain"); will result in override_ddns_domainname="true".

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The dynamic DNS domain name in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ddns_domainname
 my $ddns_domainname = $network_container->ddns_domainname();
 #Modify ddns_domainname
 $network_container->ddns_domainname("test_domain.com");

=back

=back

=head2 ddns_generate_hostname( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the ddns_generate_hostname flag of a DHCP Network Container object. Enable this method to allow only the DHCP server for generating hostname. This setting overrides the upper-level settings.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to generate hostname or "false" to deactivate/unset it.The default value for this field is undefined, which indicates that this attribute inherit the member-level setting.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get ddns_generate_hostname
 my $ddns_generate_hostname = $network_container->ddns_generate_hostname()
 # Modify ddns_generate_hostname
 $network_container->ddns_generate_hostname("true");
 #Un-override
 $network_container->ddns_generate_hostname(undef);

=back

=back

=head2 ddns_server_always_updates( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the ddns_server_always_updates flag of a DHCP Network Container object. Enable this method to allow only the DHCP server to update DNS regardless of the requests from the DHCP clients.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the flag that enables the DHCP server to always updates DNS or "false" to deactivate/unset it.The default value for this field is "true".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get ddns_server_always_updates
 my $ddns_server_always_updates = $network_container->ddns_server_always_updates()
 # Modify ddns_server_always_updates
 $network_container->ddns_server_always_updates("true");

=back

=back

=head2 ddns_ttl( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the DNS update Time to Live (TTL) value of a DHCP Network Container object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

Setting this method to a defined value implicitly sets the override_ddns_ttl method to "true". Setting the parameter to undefined causes the appliance to use the Grid default and automatically resets the override_ddns_ttl attribute to "false".

Note that when ddns_ttl is set to a defined value and override_dddns_ttl is set to "false", the last operation takes precedence. Thus the sequence $object->ddns_ttl(12); $object->override_ddns_ttl("false"); will set override_ddns_ttl to "false", and the sequence $object->override_ddns_ttl("false"); $object->ddns_ttl(12); will result in override_ddns_ttl="true".

=over

=item B<Parameter>

A 32-bit integer (range from 0 to 4294967295) that represents the duration, in seconds, the update is cached. Zero indicates that the update is not cached. The default value is 0.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get DNS Update ttl
 my $dns_ttl = $network_container->ddns_ttl();
 #Modify DNS Update ttl
 $network_container->ddns_ttl(1200);

=back

=back

=head2 ddns_update_fixed_addresses( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the ddns_update_fixed_addresses flag of a DHCP Network Container object. By default, the DHCP server does not update DNS when it allocates a fixed address to a client. You can configure the DHCP server to update the A and PTR records of a client with a fixed address. When this feature is enabled and the DHCP server adds A and PTR records for a fixed address, the DHCP server never discards the records. This setting overrides the upper-level settings.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to enable the appliance to update DNS when it assigns a fixed address to a client or "false" to disable it. The default value for this field is undefined, which indicates that this attribute inherit the member-level setting.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get ddns_update_fixed_addresses
 my $ddns_update_fixed_addresses= $network_container->ddns_update_fixed_addresses()
 # Modify ddns_update_fixed_addresses
 $network_container->ddns_update_fixed_addresses("true");
 #Un-override
 $network_container->ddns_update_fixed_addresses(undef);

=back

=back

=head2 ddns_use_option81( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the ddns_use_option81 flag of a DHCP Network Container object. Enable this method to define the settings for option 81 at the network level. This setting overrides the member-level settings.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to Configure Support for Option 81 or "false" to deactivate/unset it. The default value for this field is undefined, which indicates that this attribute inherit the member-level setting.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get ddns_use_option81
 my $ddns_use_option81 = $network_container->ddns_use_option81()
 # Modify ddns_use_option81
 $network_container->ddns_use_option81("true");
 # un-override ddns_use_option81
 $network_container->ddns_use_option81(undef);

=back

=back

=head2 deny_bootp( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the deny_bootp flag of a DHCP Network Container object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the deny_bootp flag or "false" to deactivate/unset it. The default value is undefined, which indicates that this attribute inherit the upper-level setting.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get deny_bootp
 my $deny_bootp = $network_container->deny_bootp();
 #Modify deny_bootp
 $network_container->deny_bootp("true");

=back

=back

=head2 discovery_basic_poll_setting( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the discovery_basic_poll_setting value of a DHCP Network Container object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is object of L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::BasicPollSettings>.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get discovery_basic_poll_setting
 my $discovery_basic_poll_setting = $network->discovery_basic_poll_setting();
 #Modify discovery_basic_poll_setting
 $network->discovery_basic_poll_setting($poll_setting);

=back

=back

=head2 discovery_member( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the discovery_member value of a DHCP Network Container object.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The discovery member name in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get discovery_member
 my $discovery_member = $network->discovery_member();
 #Modify discovery_member
 $network->discovery_member("test.localdomain");

=back

=back

=head2 discover_now_status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the current discovery status. This attribute is read-only.

'discover_now_status' will not be returned by default, use 'return_methods' to request it if needed.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value that can be 'COMPLETE', 'FAILED', 'NONE', 'PENDING' or 'RUNNING'.

=item B<Example>

 #Get discover_now_status
 my $discover_now_status = $network->discover_now_status();

=back

=back

=head2 discovery_blackout_setting( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the discovery blackout setting.

Setting this method to a defined value implicitly sets the override_blackout_setting method to "true". If port_control_blackout_setting is undefined, setting the parameter to undefined causes the appliance to use the Grid default and automatically resets the override_blackout_setting attribute to "false".

Note that when discovery_blackout_setting is set to a defined value and override_blackout_setting is set to "false", the last operation takes precedence. Thus the sequence $network->discovery_blackout_setting($blackout); $network->override_blackout_setting("false"); will set override_blackout_setting to "false", and the sequence $network->override_blackout_setting("false"); $network->discovery_blackout_setting($blackout); will result in override_blackout_setting="true".

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is an L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Properties::BlackoutSetting|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Properties::BlackoutSetting> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get discovery_blackout_setting
 my $discovery_blackout_setting = $network->discovery_blackout_setting();
 #Modify discovery_blackout_setting
 $network->discovery_blackout_setting($blackout);

=back

=back

=head2 discovery_engine_type( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the DHCP Network Container container discovery engine type. This attribute is read-only.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value that can be 'NETMRI', 'NETWORK_INSIGHT', 'VDISCOVERY', 'UNKNOWN' or 'NONE'.

=item B<Example>

 #Get discovery_engine_type
 my $discovery_engine_type = $network_container->discovery_engine_type();

=back

=back

=head2 email_list( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the e-mail lists to which the appliance sends threshold e-mail messages.

If you enter e-mail addresses in the email_list, then the appliance sends DHCP threshold alerts to the e-mail addresses.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array reference that contains string objects.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get email_list
 my @email_list = $network_container->email_list();
 #Modify email_list
 $network_container->email_list( [ "admin\@test.com" ] );

=back

=back

=head2 enable_ddns( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the dynamic DNS updates flag of a DHCP Network Container object. The DHCP server can send DDNS updates to DNS servers in the same grid and to external DNS servers. This setting overrides the member-level settings.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the dynamic DNS updates flag or "false" to deactivate/unset it. The default value for this field is undefined, which indicates that this attribute inherit the member-level setting.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get enable_ddns
 my $enable_ddns = $network_container->enable_ddns()
 # Modify enable_ddns
 $network_container->enable_ddns("true");
 # Un-override enable_ddns
 $network_container->enable_ddns(undef);

=back

=back

=head2 enable_dhcp_thresholds( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve DHCP thresholds at the network container level. These thresholds are the high and low watermarks. If a DHCP Network Container usage goes above or below these percentage values, the Infoblox appliance generates a syslog message and sends an SNMP notification.

Enable this flag to set DHCP thresholds values.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the enable_dhcp_thresholds flag or "false" to deactivate/unset it. The default value is undefined.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable_dhcp_thresholds
 my $enable_dhcp_thresholds = $network_container->enable_dhcp_thresholds();
 #Modify enable_dhcp_thresholds
 $network_container->enable_dhcp_thresholds("false");

=back

=back

=head2 enable_email_warnings( )

=over

Use this method to send DHCP threshold warnings through e-mail.

Enable this flag if you want the appliance to send DHCP threshold warnings to the "email_list" provided when DHCP threshold is enabled.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the enable_email_warnings flag or "false" to deactivate/unset it. The default value is undefined.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable_email_warnings
 my $enable_email_warnings = $network_container->enable_email_warnings();
 #Modify enable_email_warnings
 $network_container->enable_email_warnings("false");

=back

=back

=head2 enable_discovery( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the enable_discovery value of a DHCP Network Container object.  This setting overrides the member-level settings.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

Setting this method to a defined value implicitly sets the override_enable_discovery method to "true". Setting the parameter to undefined causes the appliance to use the default from the upper level and automatically resets the override_enable_discovery attribute to "false".

Enable this flag if you want to set discovery for this object.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the enable_discovery flag or "false" to deactivate/unset it. The default value is undefined.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable_discovery
 my $enable_discovery = $network->enable_discovery();
 #Modify enable_discovery
 $network->enable_discovery("false");

=back

=back

=head2 enable_immediate_discovery( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve enable_immediate_discovery value of a DHCP Network Container object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the enable_immediate_discovery flag or "false" to deactivate/unset it. The default value is undefined.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable_immediate_discovery
 my $enable_immediate_discovery = $network->enable_immediate_discovery();
 #Modify enable_immediate_discovery
 $network->enable_immediate_discovery("false");

=back

=back

=head2 enable_snmp_warnings( )

=over

Use this method to send DHCP threshold warnings through SNMP.

If the flag is enabled, then the appliance sends DHCP threshold warnings through SNMP messages when DHCP threshold is enabled.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the enable_snmp_warnings flag or "false" to deactivate/unset it. The default value is undefined.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable_snmp_warnings
 my $enable_snmp_warnings = $network_container->enable_snmp_warnings();
 #Modify enable_snmp_warnings
 $network_container->enable_snmp_warnings("false");

=back

=back

=head2 endpoint_sources( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the list of endpoints that provide object data. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is an array of L<Infoblox::CiscoISE::Endpoint|Infoblox::CiscoISE::Endpoint> objects.

=item B<Example>

 #Get endpoint_sources value
 my $endpoint_sources = $object->endpoint_sources();

=back

=back

=head2 extattrs( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the extensible attributes associated with a DHCP Network Container object.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is a hash reference containing the names of extensible attributes and their associated values ( L<Infoblox::Grid::Extattr|Infoblox::Grid::Extattr> objects ).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get extattrs
 my $ref_extattrs = $network_container->extattrs();
 #Modify extattrs
 $network_container->extattrs({ 'Site' => $extattr1, 'Administrator' => $extattr2 });

=back

=back

=head2 extensible_attributes( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the extensible attributes associated with a DHCP Network Container object

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

For valid values for extensible attributes, see L<Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDefE<sol>Extensible Attribute Values|Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef/Extensible Attribute Values>.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get extensible attributes
 my $ref_extensible_attributes = $network_container->extensible_attributes();
 #Modify extensible attributes
 $network_container->extensible_attributes({ 'Site' => 'Santa Clara', 'Administrator' => [ 'Peter', 'Tom' ] });

=back

=back

=head2  high_water_mark( )

=over

Use this method to set the percentage value for DHCP Network Container usage above which the Infoblox appliance generates a syslog message and sends a warning.

When the percentage of allocated addresses in a DHCP Network Container exceeds the high watermark, the appliance generates a syslog message and sends a warning. Default value for this option is 95.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is in sting format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get high_water_mark
 my $high_water_mark = $network_container->high_water_mark();
 #Modify high_water_mark
 $network_container->high_water_mark("80");

=back

=back

=head2 high_water_mark_reset( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the high_water_mark_reset value. If the percentage of allocated addresses drops below this value, a corresponding SNMP trap is reset.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

A number that specifies the percentage of allocated addresses. The range is from 1 to 100. The high watermark reset value must be lower than the high watermark value. The default value is 95.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get high_water_mark_reset
 my $high_water_mark_reset = $network_container->high_water_mark_reset();
 #Modify high_water_mark_reset
 $network_container->high_water_mark_reset(70);

=back

=back

=head2 ignore_id( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the ignore_id type of a DHCP Network Container object. Indicates whether the appliance will ignore DHCP client IDs or MAC addresses. This setting overrides the upper-level settings.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid values are 'NONE', 'CLIENT', or 'MACADDR'. The default is 'NONE'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 $value = $network_container->ignore_id();
 # Modify attribute value
 $network_container->ignore_id('CLIENT');
 #Un-override ignore_id
 $network_container->ignore_id(undef);

=back

=back

=head2 ignore_mac_addresses( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the ignore_mac_addresses list of a DHCP Network Container object. A list of MAC addresses the appliance will ignore. This setting overrides the upper-level settings.

If you enter MAC addresses in the ignore_mac_addresses, then the appliance will ignore them. If you enter empty array, then the appliance will ignore any MAC address.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array reference that contains string objects.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 $value = $network_container->ignore_mac_addresses();
 # Modify attribute value
 $network_container->ignore_mac_addresses(["11::11::11::11::11::11"]);

=back

=back

=head2 ignore_dhcp_option_list_request( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the ignore_dhcp_option_list_request flag of a DHCP Network Container object. If this flag is set to false, the appliance returns all the defined DHCP options to the client. This setting overrides the upper-level settings.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the ignore_dhcp_option_list_request flag or "false" to deactivate/unset it. The default value is undefined, which indicates that this attribute inherits the upper-level setting.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get ignore_dhcp_option_list_request
 my $ignore_dhcp_option_list_request = $network_container->ignore_dhcp_option_list_request();
 # Modify ignore_dhcp_option_list_request
 $network_container->ignore_dhcp_option_list_request("true");
 #Do not override ignore_dhcp_option_list_request
 $network_container->ignore_dhcp_option_list_request(undef);

=back

=back


=head2 ipam_email_addresses( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a list of IPAM Utilization email addresses.

Setting this method to a defined value implicitly sets the override_ipam_email_addresses method to "true". Setting the parameter to undefined causes the appliance to use the default from the upper level and automatically resets the override_ipam_email_addresses attribute to "false".

Note that when ipam_email_addresses is set to a defined value and override_ipam_email_addresses is set to "false", the last operation takes precedence. Thus the sequence $object->ipam_email_addresses(['admin@infoblox.com']); $object->override_ipam_email_addresses("false"); will set override_ipam_email_addresses to "false", and the sequence $object->override_ipam_email_addresses("false"); $object->ipam_email_addresses(['admin@infoblox.com']); will result in override_ipam_email_addresses="true".

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is an array reference that contains email addresses in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ipam_email_addresses
 my $ipam_email_addresses = $network_container->ipam_email_addresses();
 #Modify ipam_email_addresses
 $network_container->ipam_email_addresses($ipam_email_addresses);

=back

=back

=head2 ipam_trap_settings( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve IPAM Utilization SNMP Trap settings.

Setting this method to a defined value implicitly sets the override_ipam_trap_settings method to "true". Setting the parameter to undefined causes the appliance to use the default from the upper level and automatically resets the override_ipam_trap_settings attribute to "false".

Note that when ipam_trap_settings is set to a defined value and override_ipam_trap_settings is set to "false", the last operation takes precedence. Thus the sequence $object->ipam_trap_settings($ipam_trap); $object->override_ipam_trap_settings("false"); will set override_ipam_trap_settings to "false", and the sequence $object->override_ipam_trap_settings("false"); $object->ipam_trap_settings($ipam_trap); will result in override_ipam_trap_settings="true".

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is an L<Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::IPAMTrap|Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::IPAMTrap> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ipam_trap_settings
 my $ipam_trap_settings = $network_container->ipam_trap_settings();
 #Modify ipam_trap_settings
 $network_container->ipam_trap_settings($ipam_trap_settings);

=back

=back

=head2 ipam_threshold_settings( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve IPAM Utilization SNMP Threshold settings.

Setting this method to a defined value implicitly sets the override_ipam_threshold_settings method to "true". Setting the parameter to undefined causes the appliance to use the default from the upper level and automatically resets the override_ipam_threshold_settings attribute to "false".

Note that when ipam_threshold_settings is set to a defined value and override_ipam_threshold_settings is set to "false", the last operation takes precedence. Thus the sequence $object->ipam_threshold_settings($ipam_threshold_settings); $object->override_ipam_trap_settings("false"); will set override_ipam_threshold_settings to "false", and the sequence $object->override_ipam_threshold_settings("false"); $object->ipam_threshold_settings($ipam_threshold_settings); will result in override_ipam_threshold_settings="true".

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is an L<Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::IPAMThreashold|Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::IPAMThreshold> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ipam_threshold_settings
 my $ipam_threshold_settings = $network_container->ipam_threshold_settings();
 #Modify ipam_threshold_settings
 $network_container->ipam_threshold_settings($ipam_threshold_settings);

=back

=back

=head2 mgm_private( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the flag that controls whether the object should be synced to the MGM or not.

Setting this method to a defined value implicitly sets the override_blackout_setting method to "true". If discovery_blackout_setting is undefined, setting the parameter to undefined causes the appliance to use the grid default and automatically resets the override_blackout_setting attribute to "false".

Note that when mgm_private is set to a defined value and override_mgm_private is set to "false", the last operation takes precedence. Thus the sequence $network->mgm_private("true"); $network->override_mgm_private("false"); will set override_mgm_private to "false", and the sequence $network->override_mgm_private("false"); $network->mgm_private("true"); will result in override_mgm_private="true".

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to enable synchronization of the managed Grid with the MGM or 'false' to forbid it. The default value is 'false'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

Note that this member is loaded on on-demand basis, so to retrieve the value the object must have been retrieved from the session first.

=item B<Example>

 #Get mgm_private value
 my $value = $object->mgm_private();

 #Modify mgm_private value
 $object->mgm_private('true');

=back

=back

=head2 mgm_private_overridable( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the flag that indicates whether the overriding of 'mgm_private' flag is allowed or not. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

Note that this member is loaded on on-demand basis, so to retrieve the value the object must have been retrieved from the session first.

=item B<Example>

 #Get mgm_private_overridable value
 my $value = $object->mgm_private_overridable();

=back

=back

=head2 ms_ad_user_data( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve Microsoft Active Directory users related information. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is an L<Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdUser::Data|Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdUser::Data> object.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ms_ad_user_data
 my $ms_ad_user_data = $network_container->ms_ad_user_data();

=back

=back

=head2 lease_scavenge_time( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the lease_scavenge_time value of a DHCP Network Container object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

Setting this method to a defined value implicitly sets the override_lease_scavenge_time method to "true". Setting the parameter to undefined causes the appliance to use the default from the upper level and automatically resets the override_lease_scavenge_time attribute to "false".

Note that when lease_scavenge_time is set to a defined value and override_lease_scavenge_time is set to "false", the last operation takes precedence. Thus the sequence $object->lease_scavenge_time(604800); $object->override_lease_scavenge_time("false"); will set override_lease_scavenge_time to "false", and the sequence $object->override_lease_scavenge_time("false"); $object->lease_scavenge_time(604800); will result in override_lease_scavenge_time="true".

=over

=item B<Parameter>

An integer that specifies the period of time, in seconds, that free and backup leases remain in the database before they are automatically deleted. To disable lease scavenging, set the parameter to -1. The minimum positive value must be greater than 86400 seconds (1 day). The default value of this parameter is -1, which means that lease scavenging is disabled.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get lease_scavenge_time
 my $lease_scavenge = $network_container->lease_scavenge_time();
 #Modify lease_scavenge_time
 $network_container->lease_scavenge_time(30 * 24 * 60 * 60);

=back

=back

=head2 logic_filters( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve all the logic (ordered) filters associated with the DHCP Network Container.

Filters are used to screen address assignments in a DHCP Network Container if the addresses are to be assigned to specific hosts.

Setting this method to a defined value implicitly sets the override_logic_filters method to "true". Setting the parameter to undefined causes the appliance to use the Grid default and automatically resets the override_logic_filters attribute to "false".

Note that when logic_filters is set to a defined value and override_dlogic_filters is set to "false", the last operation takes precedence. Thus the sequence $object->logic_filters($filters); $object->override_logic_filters("false"); will set override_logic_filters to "false", and the sequence $object->override_logic_filters("false"); $object->logic_filters($filters); will result in override_logic_filters="true".

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array reference that contains either the L<Infoblox::DHCP::Filter::MAC|Infoblox::DHCP::Filter::MAC>, L<Infoblox::DHCP::Filter::NAC|Infoblox::DHCP::Filter::NAC>, L<Infoblox::DHCP::Filter::Option|Infoblox::DHCP::Filter::Option> objects or the names of the corresponding filters. The filters in the list must satisfy the following conditions:

=over

=item Filter name must be globally unique.

=item Filters without expressions must be at the end of the list.

=item The filters should not be disabled.

=back

The default value of the parameter is undefined.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get logic_filters
 my $ref_logic_filters = $network_container->logic_filters();
 #Modify logic_filters
 $network_container->logic_filters(["filter_1","filter_2",$exl1]); #$exl1 is an Infoblox::DHCP::Filter::MAC, Infoblox::DHCP::Filter::NAC or Infoblox::DHCP::Filter::Option object.

=back

=back

=head2 low_water_mark( )

=over

Use this method to set the percentage value for DHCP Network Container usage below which the Infoblox appliance generates a syslog message and sends a warning.

When the percentage of allocated addresses in a DHCP Network Container goes below the low watermark, the appliance generates a syslog message and sends a warning. Default value for this option is 0.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get low_water_mark
 my $low_water_mark = $network_container->low_water_mark();
 #Modify low_water_mark
 $network_container->low_water_mark("10");

=back

=back

=head2 low_water_mark_reset( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the low_water_mark_reset value. If the percentage of allocated addresses exceeds this value, a corresponding SNMP trap is reset.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

A number that specifies the percentage of allocated addresses. The range is from 1 to 100.  The low watermark reset value must be higher than the low watermark value. The default low watermark reset number is 0.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get low_water_mark_reset
 my $low_water_mark_reset = $network_container->low_water_mark_reset();
 #Modify low_water_mark_reset
 $network_container->low_water_mark_reset(10);

=back

=back


=head2 network( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the network attribute of a DHCP Network Container object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify the address and netmask of the network in CIDR format (example: 10.0.0.0/8).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get network
 my $network = $network_container->network();

=back

=back

=head2 override_blackout_setting( )

=over

The override_blackout_setting attribute controls whether the discovery_blackout_setting and port_control_blackout_setting values in the object are used, instead of the Grid default.

The override_blackout_setting attribute can be specified explicitly. It is also set implicitly when discovery_blackout_setting or port_control_blackout_setting is set to a defined value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the override_blackout_setting flag or "false" to deactivate/unset it. The default value is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $network->override_blackout_setting();
 # Modify attribute value
 $network->override_blackout_setting('true');

=back

=back

=head2  nextserver( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the nextserver attribute of a DHCP Network Container object. You can specify the name and/or IP address of the next server that the host needs to boot. This setting overrides the upper-level settings.
The default value is undefined, which indicates that this attribute inherits the upper-level setting.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

This option is overridden independently from L<Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer-E<gt>bootfile()|Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer/bootfile()/> and L<Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer-E<gt>bootserver()|Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer/bootserver()/>.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The next server IP address or name in FQDN (Fully Qualified Domain Name) format. The FQDN consists of the host name followed by the domain name (example: abc.com). A next server name can have a maximum of 256 bytes. The default value is undefined.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get nextserver
 my $nextserver = $network_container->nextserver();
 # Modify nextserver
 $network_container->nextserver("blue.domain.com");
 #Un-override nextserver
 $network_container->nextserver(undef);

=back

=back

=head2  options( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the options value of a member DHCP server. DHCP options provide network configuration
settings and various services available on the network for DHCP.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array reference that contains L<Infoblox::DHCP::Option|Infoblox::DHCP::Option> objects.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get options
 my $options = $network_container->options();
 #Modify options
 my $option1 = Infoblox::DHCP::Option->new(
     name => "lease-time",
     value => 50
 );

 $network_container->options([$option1]);

=back

=back

=head2 override_ddns_domainname( )

=over

The override_ddns_domainname attribute controls whether the ddns_domainname value in the DHCP Network Container is used, instead of the Grid default.

The override_ddns_domainname attribute can be specified explicitly. It is also set implicitly when ddns_domainname is set to a defined value.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Set the parameter to "true" to override the upper-level setting for ddns_domainname. Set the parameter to "false" to inherit the upper-level setting for ddns_domainname.

The default value of this parameter is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

    #Getting override_ddns_domainname
    my $override_ddns_domainname=$network_container->override_ddns_domainname( );
    #Modifying override_ddns_domainname
    $network_container->override_ddns_domainname("true");

=back

=back

=head2 override_ddns_ttl( )

=over

The override_ddns_ttl attribute controls whether the ddns_ttl value in the DHCP Network Container is used, instead of the Grid default.

The override_ddns_ttl attribute can be specified explicitly. It is also set implicitly when ddns_ttl is set to a defined value.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Set the parameter to "true" to override the upper-level setting for ddns_ttl. Set the parameter to "false" to inherit the upper-level setting for ddns_ttl.

The default value of this parameter is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

    #Getting override_ddns_ttl
    my $override_ddns_ttl=$network_container->override_ddns_ttl( );
    #Modifying override_ddns_ttl
    $network_container->override_ddns_ttl("true");

=back

=back

=head2 override_ignore_id( )

=over

The override_ignore_id controls whether the ignore_id in the DHCP Network Container is used, instead of the upper-level default.

The override_ignore_id can be specified explicitly. It is also set implicitly when ignore_id is set to a defined value.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Set the parameter to "true" to override the upper-level setting for ignore_id and ignore_mac_addresses. Set the parameter to "false" to inherit the upper-level setting for ignore_id and ignore_mac_addresses.

The default value of this parameter is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

    #Get attrubute value
    my $value=$network_container->override_ignore_id();
    #Modifying attribute value
    $network_container->override_ignore_id('true');

=back

=back

=head2 override_ipam_email_addresses( )

=over

The override_ipam_email_addresses controls whether the ipam_email_addresses in the DHCP network container is used, instead of the upper-level default.

The override_ipam_email_addresses can be specified explicitly. It is also set implicitly when ipam_email_addresses is set to a defined value.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Set the parameter to "true" to override the upper-level setting for ipam_email_addresses. Set the parameter to "false" to inherit the upper-level setting for ipam_email_addresses.

The default value of this parameter is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

    #Get attrubute value
    my $value=$network_container->override_ipam_email_addresses();
    #Modifying attribute value
    $network_container->override_ipam_email_addresses('true');

=back

=back

=head2 override_ipam_threshold_settings( )

=over

The override_ipam_threshold_settings controls whether the ipam_threshold_settings in the DHCP network container is used, instead of the upper-level default.

The override_ipam_threshold_settings can be specified explicitly. It is also set implicitly when ipam_threshold_settings is set to a defined value.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Set the parameter to "true" to override the upper-level setting for ipam_threshold_settings. Set the parameter to "false" to inherit the upper-level setting for ipam_threshold_settings.

The default value of this parameter is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

    #Get attrubute value
    my $value=$network_container->override_ipam_threshold_settings();
    #Modifying attribute value
    $network_container->override_ipam_threshold_settings('true');

=back

=back

=head2 override_ipam_trap_settings( )

=over

The override_ipam_trap_settings controls whether the ipam_trap_settings in the DHCP network container is used, instead of the upper-level default.

The override_ipam_trap_settings can be specified explicitly. It is also set implicitly when ipam_trap_settings is set to a defined value.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Set the parameter to "true" to override the upper-level setting for ipam_trap_settings. Set the parameter to "false" to inherit the upper-level setting for ipam_trap_settings.

The default value of this parameter is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

    #Get attrubute value
    my $value=$network_container->override_ipam_trap_settings();
    #Modifying attribute value
    $network_container->override_ipam_trap_settings('true');

=back

=back

=head2 override_logic_filters( )

=over

The override_logic_filters attribute controls whether the logic_filters value of the DHCP Network Container is used, instead of the Grid default.

The override_logic_filters attribute can be specified explicitly. It is also set implicitly when logic_filters is set to a defined value.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Set the parameter to "true" to override the Grid-level setting for logic_filters. Set the parameter to "false" to inherit the Grid-level setting for logic_filters.

The default value of this parameter is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Getting override_logic_filters
 my $override_logic_filters=$network_container->override_logic_filters( );
 #Modifying override_logic_filters
 $network_container->override_logic_filters("true");

=back

=back

=head2 override_lease_scavenge_time( )

=over

The override_lease_scavenge_time attribute controls whether the lease_scavenge_time value in the DHCP Network Container is used, instead of the upper-level default.

The override_lease_scavenge_time attribute can be specified explicitly. It is also set implicitly when lease_scavenge_time is set to a defined value.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Set the parameter to "true" to override the upper-level setting for lease_scavenge_time. Set the parameter to "false" to inherit the setting for lease_scavenge_time from the upper level.

The default value of this parameter is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

    #Getting override_lease_scavenge_time
    my $override_lease_scavenge_time=$network_container->override_lease_scavenge_time( );
    #Modifying override_lease_scavenge_time
    $network_container->override_lease_scavenge_time("true");

=back

=back

=head2 override_mgm_private( )

=over

The override_mgm_private attribute controls whether the mgm_private value in the object is used, instead of the parent-level default.

The override_mgm_private attribute can be specified explicitly. It is also set implicitly when mgm_private is set to a defined value.

Note that setting override_mgm_private to 'false' sets the original 'mgm_private' value to 'false'.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Set the parameter to 'true' to override the parent-level setting for mgm_private. Set the parameter to 'false' to inherit the parent-level setting for mgm_private.

The default value of this parameter is 'false'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

Note that this member is loaded on on-demand basis, so to retrieve the value the object must have been retrieved from the session first.

=item B<Example>

 #Get override_mgm_private value
 my $value = $object->override_mgm_private( );

 #Modify override_mgm_private value
 $object->override_mgm_private('true');

=back

=back

=head2 override_subscribe_settings( )

=over

The override_subscribe_settings attribute controls whether the subscribe_settings method values of the member are used, instead of the Grid default.

The override_subscribe_settings attribute can be specified explicitly. It is also set implicitly when subscribe_settings is set to a defined value.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Set the parameter to "true" to override the Grid-level setting for subscribe_settings. Set the parameter to "false" to inherit the Grid-level setting for subscribe_settings.

The default value of this parameter is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get override_subscribe_settings value
 my $override_subscribe_settings = $object->override_subscribe_settings( );
 #Modify override_subscribe_settings value
 $object->override_subscribe_settings("true");

=back

=back

=head2 override_update_dns_on_lease_renewal( )

=over

The override_update_dns_on_lease_renewal attribute controls whether the update_dns_on_lease_renewal value in the DHCP Network is used, instead of the Grid default.

The override_update_dns_on_lease_renewal attribute can be specified explicitly. It is also set implicitly when update_dns_on_lease_renewal is set to a defined value.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Set the parameter to "true" to override the upper-level setting for update_dns_on_lease_renewal. Set the parameter to "false" to inherit the upper-level setting for update_dns_on_lease_renewal.

The default value of this parameter is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

    #Getting override_update_dns_on_lease_renewal
    my $override_update_dns_on_lease_renewal=$network->override_update_dns_on_lease_renewal( );
    #Modifying override_update_dns_on_lease_renewal
    $network->override_update_dns_on_lease_renewal("true");

=back

=back

=head2 port_control_blackout_setting

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the port control blackout setting.

Setting this method to a defined value implicitly sets the override_blackout_setting method to "true". If discovery_blackout_setting is undefined, setting the parameter to undefined causes the appliance to use the Grid default and automatically resets the override_blackout_setting attribute to "false".

Note that when port_control_blackout_setting is set to a defined value and override_blackout_setting is set to "false", the last operation takes precedence. Thus the sequence $network->port_control_blackout_setting($blackout); $network->override_blackout_setting("false"); will set override_blackout_setting to "false", and the sequence $network->override_blackout_setting("false"); $network->port_control_blackout_setting($blackout); will result in override_blackout_setting="true".

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is an L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Properties::BlackoutSetting|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Properties::BlackoutSetting> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get port_control_blackout_setting
 my $port_control_blackout_setting = $network->port_control_blackout_setting();
 #Modify port_control_blackout_setting
 $network->port_control_blackout_setting($blackout);

=back

=back

=head2 pxe_lease_time( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the PXE lease time value of a DHCP Network Container object. Some hosts use PXE (Preboot Execution Environment) to boot remotely from a server. To better manage your IP resources, set a different lease time for PXE boot requests. You can configure the DHCP server to allocate an IP address with a shorter lease time to hosts that send PXE boot requests, so IP addresses are not leased longer than necessary. This setting overrides the upper-level settings.
The default value is undefined, which indicates that this attribute inherits the upper-level setting.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

A 32-bit integer (range from 0 to 4294967295) that represents the duration, in seconds, that the update is cached. Zero indicates that the update is not cached. The default value is undefined.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get PXE Lease Time
 my $pxe_lease_time = $network_container->pxe_lease_time();
 #Modify PXE Lease Time
 $network_container->pxe_lease_time(1100);
 #Un-override PXE Lease Time
 $network_container->pxe_lease_time(undef);

=back

=back

=head2 recycle_leases( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the recycle_leases flag at the network level.

If the flag is enabled, the leases are kept in the recycle bin until one week after expiration. When the flag is disabled, the leases are irrecoverably deleted.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to enable the recycle_leases flag or "false" to disable it. The default value is undefined.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get recycle_leases
 my $recycle_leases = $network->recycle_leases();
 #Modify recycle_leases
 $network->recycle_leases("false");

=back

=back

=head2 remove_subnets( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the remove_subnets flag of a DHCP Network Container object.

You can remove the network, but keep all subnets under it if this flag is set to false. This flag is only intended as an option when removing DHCP Network Container objects. It is not retrieved or used for any other operation.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "false" to keep the subnets or "true" to remove them. The default value is undefined, which is to remove all subnets.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Set remove_subnets before submitting for removal
 $network_container->remove_subnets("false");
 #Remove the container keeping the subnets
 $session->remove($network_container);

=back

=back

=head2 network_container( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the network container of a DHCP Network Container object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify the IP address and netmask of a network in CIDR format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get network container
 my $network_container = $network->network_container();
 #Modify network container
 $network->network_container("50.0.0.0/8");

=back

=back

=head2 network_view( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the network view of the DHCP network container.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

The default value is the "default" network view, which means the network is in the default network view.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is a defined L<Infoblox::DHCP::View|Infoblox::DHCP::View> object. The default network view value is the system-defined default network view object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get network view
 my $nview = $network_container->network_view();
 #Modify network view, with an Infoblox::DHCP::View object
 $network_container->network_view($nview);

=back

=back

=head2 next_available_network( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the next available network(s) in the network container. Note that to use this method, the object MUST be retrieved through a get or search call, or created with an add call.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The method accepts the following parameters:

  cidr - (required) The CIDR of the requested networks. It must be a value between 1 and 32, inclusive.
  requested_num - (optional) The number of networks requested. It must be a value between 1 and 20, inclusive.
  excluded - (optional) aA reference to an array of networks to be excluded from the results.

=item B<Returns>

This method returns the next available network(s) in the network container. If requested_num is not specified, a string with the next available network will be returned; otherwise, the method will return a reference to an array of networks.

A network cannot be returned as the next available network if it cannot be inserted; such as when any of the following conditions exist:

- It's parent network has a DHCP configuration assigned and therefore cannot be converted to a network container.

- It overlaps with an existing network or network container, regardless of whether the existing network has a greater or smaller CIDR than the requested CIDR.

- Its network address or broadcast address is used by a fixed address or a host configured for DHCP.

=item B<Example>

 # Retrieve a particular network
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
                           object   => "Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer",
                           network  => "10.0.0.0/8"
 );

 $network = $retrieved_objs[0];

 # Print the next available IPv6 network in the network container
 print $network->next_available_network(cidr => 12) . "\n";

 # This will retrieve the next 10 available networks and print the first one.
 my $addressesref = $network->next_available_network(requested_num => 10, cidr => 12);
 print @$addressesref[0] . "\n";

 # This will retrieve the next 10 available networks and exclude two.
 my $addressesref = $network->next_available_network(cidr => 12, requested_num => 10, excluded => ['10.0.0.0/12']);

=back

=back

=head2 resize( )

=over

Use this method to resize a network container. Note that to use this method, the object MUST be retrieved through a get or search call, or it must have been created with an add call.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

prefix                  - Required. The bitmask prefix length after resizing.

auto_create_reversezone - Optional. Boolean flag indicating whether or not to automatically create the reverse zone.

reason                  - Optional. The reason for resizing the network container in string format with a maximum of 256 bytes. Used when 'rir_organization' attribute has been defined.

send_rir_request        - Optional. Boolean flag that indicates whether the appliance should send an API or email request for Regional Internet Registry (RIR). Used when 'rir_organization' attribute has been defined.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns true when the operation succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails. When an operation fails, the error code and error message are reported in the Session object's status_code() and status_detail() attributes.

=item B<Example>

 #Get Network Container through the session
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
            object =>"Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer" ,
            network => "20.0.0.0/8"
         );
 my $network_container = $retrieved_objs[0];

 # Expand a /24 network container to a /16 network container, inserting
 # a corresponding reverese zone in the process.
 my $response = $network_container->resize(
       prefix        => "16"
       auto_create_reversezone => "true"
 ) or die("Resize Network Container failed: ",
          $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());

=back

=back

=head2 restart_if_needed( )

=over

Use this method to set the flag that indicates whether DHCP service should be restarted on a member that is serving DHCP for the changed object referenced in a cloud API request.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify true to restart the DHCP service.

=item B<Returns>

None

=item B<Example>

 # Modify
 $network->restart_if_needed('true');

=back

=back

=head2 rir( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the name of the Regional Internet Registry (RIR) that allocated this address space. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value that can be 'RIPE' or 'NONE'.

=item B<Example>

 #Get rir
 my $rir = $network_container->rir();

=back

=back

=head2 rir_organization( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the Regional Internet Registry (RIR) organization object.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

An L<Infoblox::Grid::RIR::Organization|Infoblox::Grid::RIR::Organization> object.

You must enable support for RIR/SWIP at the Grid level before you can set attribute values. See L<Infoblox::Grid-E<gt>enable_rir_swip()|Infoblox::Grid/enable_rir_swip()/> method.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get rir_organization
 my $rir_organization = $network_container->rir_organization();
 #Modify rir_organization
 $network_container->rir_organization($rir_org);

=back

=back

=head2 rir_registration_action( )

=over

Use this method to set the registration action of Regional Internet Registry (RIR). This is a write-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid values are 'NONE', 'CREATE', 'MODIFY' or 'DELETE'.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #Set rir_registration_action
 $network_container->rir_registration_action('CREATE');

=back

=back

=head2 rir_registration_status( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the registration status of Regional Internet Registry (RIR).

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The registration status of Regional Internet Registry (RIR), which can be 'REGISTERED' or 'NOT_REGISTERED'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get rir_registration_status
 my $rir_registration_status = $network_container->rir_registration_status();
 #Modify rir_registration_status
 $network_container->rir_registration_status('NOT_REGISTERED');

=back

=back

=head2 last_rir_registration_update_sent( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the last registration update timestamp of Regional Internet Registry (RIR). This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get last_rir_registration_update_sent
 my $last_rir_registration_update_sent = $network_container->last_rir_registration_update_sent();

=back

=back

=head2 last_rir_registration_update_status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the last registration update status of Regional Internet Registry (RIR). This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get last_rir_registration_update_status
 my $last_rir_registration_update_status = $network_container->last_rir_registration_update_status();

=back

=back

=head2 same_port_control_discovery_blackout( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the flag that enables using the same discovery blackout for port control blackout.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to use same discovery blackout for port control blackout or 'false' to disable it. The default value is 'false'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $network_container->same_port_control_discovery_blackout();
 # Modify attribute value
 $network_container->same_port_control_discovery_blackout('true');

=back

=back

=head2 send_rir_request( )

=over

Use this method to set the flag that indicates whether the appliance should send an API or email request for Regional Internet Registry (RIR). This is a write-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the send_rir_request flag or "false" to unset it.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #Set send_rir_request
 $network_container->send_rir_request('true');

=back

=back

=head2 subscribe_settings( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the Cisco ISE subscribe settings.

Setting this method to a defined value implicitly sets the override_subscribe_settings method to "true". Setting the parameter to undefined causes the appliance to use the Cisco ISE endpoint default and automatically resets the override_subscribe_settings method to "false".

Note that when subscribe_settings is set to a defined value and override_subscribe_settings is set to "false", the last operation takes precedence. Thus the sequence $object->subscribe_settings($value); $object->override_subscribe_settings("false"); will set override_subscribe_settings to "false", and the sequence $object->override_subscribe_settings("false"); $object->subscribe_settings($value); will result in override_subscribe_settings="true".

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an L<Infoblox::CiscoISE::SubscribeSetting|Infoblox::CiscoISE::SubscribeSetting> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get subscribe_settings value
 my $subscribe_settings = $object->subscribe_settings();
 #Modify subscribe_settings value
 $object->subscribe_settings($settings);

=back

=back

=head2 delete_reason( )

=over

Use this method to specify the reason for deleting the Regional Internet Registry (RIR) registration request. This is a write-only attribute. This field is required only if 'rir_registration_action' is specified as 'DELETE'.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The reason for deleting the RIR registration request in string format with a maximum of 256 bytes.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #Set delete_reason
 $network_container->delete_reason('invalid');

=back

=back

=head2 unmanaged( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the network status, which indicates whether the network is unmanaged or not.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify true to mark the network as unmanaged or false as managed.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get network status
 $unmanaged = $network_container->unmanaged();
 # Modify network status
 $network_container->unmanaged('true');

=back

=back

=head2 update_dns_on_lease_renewal( )

=over

The update_dns_on_lease_renewal attribute controls whether the DHCP server updates DNS when a DHCP lease is renewed.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

Setting this method to a defined value implicitly sets the override_update_dns_on_lease_renewal method to "true". Setting the parameter to undefined causes the appliance to use the Grid default and automatically resets the override_update_dns_on_lease_renewal attribute to "false".

Note that when update_dns_on_lease_renewal is set to a defined value and override_update_dns_on_lease_renewal is set to "false", the last operation takes precedence. Thus the sequence $object->update_dns_on_lease_renewal("true"); $object->override_update_dns_on_lease_renewal("false"); will set override_update_dns_on_lease_renewal to "false", and the sequence $object->override_update_dns_on_lease_renewal("false"); $object->update_dns_on_lease_renewal("true"); will result in override_update_dns_on_lease_renewal="true".

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the update_dns_on_lease_renewal flag or "false" to deactivate/unset it.

The default value of this parameter is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

    #Get update_dns_on_lease_renewal
    my $update_dns_on_lease_renewal=$network_container->update_dns_on_lease_renewal( );
    #Modify update_dns_on_lease_renewal
    $network_container->update_dns_on_lease_renewal("true");

=back

=back

=head2 zone_associations( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the associated zone information.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array reference that contains Infoblox::DNS::Zone object(s). The default value is an empty list. If the network container has a parent, it is possible to use the zone associations of the parent by setting the parameter to undef.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails. If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Examples>

 #Getting zone associations
 my $zone_associations = $network_container->zone_associations();
 my $zone1 = Infoblox::DNS::Zone->new(
        name     => "test1.com",
 );
 my $zone2 = Infoblox::DNS::Zone->new(
        name     => "test2.com",
    );
 #Modifying zone_associations
 $network_container->zone_associations([$zone1, $zone2]);
 #Clear zone_assocations
 $network_container->zone_associations([]);
 ##Remove the override for zone_associations
 $network_container->zone_associations(undef)

=back

=back

=head1 SAMPLE CODE

The following sample code demonstrates the different functions that can be applied to an object such as add, search, modify, and remove. This sample also includes error handling for the operations.

B<#Preparation prior to a DHCP Network Container object insertion>

 #PROGRAM STARTS: Include all the modules that will be used
 use strict;
 use Infoblox;

 #Create a session to the Infoblox appliance

 my $session = Infoblox::Session->new(
     master   => "192.168.1.2",
     username => "admin",
     password => "infoblox"
 );
 unless ($session) {
    die("Construct session failed: ",
        Infoblox::status_code() . ":" . Infoblox::status_detail());
 }
 print "Session created successfully\n";

B<#Create a DHCP Network Container object>

 my $network_container = Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer->new(
             network => "10.0.0.0/8",
             comment => "add network container",
              );

 my $response = $session->add($network_container)
        or die("Add Network Container failed: ",
              $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());

 print "Network Container added successfully\n";

 #Search for a specific Network Container

 #Search the network container
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object  => "Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer",
     network => '10\.0\.0\..*'
 );
 my $object = $retrieved_objs[0];
 unless ($object) {
     die("Search Network Container failed: ",
         $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }
 print "Search Network Container found at least 1 matching entry\n";

B<#Get and modify a Network Container attribute>

 #Get Network Container through the session
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
            object =>"Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer" ,
            network => "10.0.0.0/8"
         );

my $object = $retrieved_objs[0];

 unless ($object) {
     die("Get Network Container object failed: ",
         $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }
 print "Get Network Container found at least 1 matching entry\n";

B<#Modify one of the attributes of the specified Network Container object>

 $object->comment("modified comment"); #Apply the changes

 $session->modify($object)
     or die("Modify Network Container attribute failed: ",
            $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());

 print "Network Container object modified successfully \n";

B<#Resize a network container>

 #Get Network through the session
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object =>"Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer" ,
     network => "10.0.0.0/8"
 );
 my $object = $retrieved_objs[0];

 #Resize
 my $response = $object->resize(
     prefix => "16"
 ) or die("Resize Network Container failed: ",
     $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());

B<#Remove a Network Container Object>

  #Get Network Container object through the session
  my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
            object  => "Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer" ,
            network => "10.0.0.0"
        );

    my $object = $retrieved_objs[0];

    unless ($object) {
     die("Get Network Container object failed: ",
         $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }

 print "Get Network Container object found at least 1 matching entry\n";

B<#Submit the object for removal>

 $session->remove($object)
     or die("Remove Network Container failed: ",
         $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());

 print "Network Container removed successfully \n";

 ####PROGRAM ENDS####

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::DHCP::View|Infoblox::DHCP::View>, L<Infoblox::DHCP::Network|Infoblox::DHCP::Network>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>, L<Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdUser::Data|Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdUser::Data>, L<Infoblox::DHCP::Filter::MAC|Infoblox::DHCP::Filter::MAC>, L<Infoblox::DHCP::Filter::NAC|Infoblox::DHCP::Filter::NAC>, L<Infoblox::DHCP::Filter::Option|Infoblox::DHCP::Filter::Option>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
