=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Properties::BlackoutSetting

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about the discovery or port control blackout settings.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $object = Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Properties::BlackoutSetting->new(
    'enable_blackout'   => 'true' | 'false',     # optional
    'blackout_duration' => $uint,                # optional
    'blackout_schedule' => $schedule,            # optional
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 blackout_duration( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the blackout duration.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The blackout duration in minutes.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->blackout_duration();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->blackout_duration(10);

=back

=back

=head2 blackout_schedule( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the blackout schedule.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is an L<Infoblox::Grid::ScheduleSetting|Infoblox::Grid::ScheduleSetting> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->blackout_schedule();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->blackout_schedule($schedule);

=back

=back

=head2 enable_blackout( )

=over

Use this method to enable or disable the Discovery or port control blackout.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to enable the discovery or port control blackout or 'false' to disable it. The default value is 'false'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->enable_blackout();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->enable_blackout('true');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Properties|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Properties>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
