=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Device::PortStatistics - the device port statistics object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about device port statistics.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 admin_down_oper_down_count( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the total number of interfaces which have administrative state "DOWN" and operating state "DOWN". This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $stats->admin_down_oper_down_count();

=back

=back

=head2 admin_up_oper_down_count( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the total number of interfaces which have administrative state "UP" and operating state "DOWN". This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $stats->admin_up_oper_down_count();

=back

=back

=head2 admin_up_oper_up_count( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the total number of interfaces which have administrative state "UP" and operating state "UP". This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $stats->admin_up_oper_up_count();

=back

=back

=head2 interfaces_count( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the total number of interfaces available on device. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $stats->interfaces_count();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Device|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Device>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
