=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Profile::Rule - Threat Protection profile rule object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This object provides information about the Threat Protection profile rule settings.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Profile::Rule object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance.
See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific Threat Protection profile rule object.

  sid     - Optional. The Rule ID.
  rule    - Optional. The Threat Protection rule object.
  profile - Optional. The Threat Protection profile object.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     'object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Profile::Rule',
     'sid'    => '211111'
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify an object in the Infoblox appliance.
See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 my $rule = $session->search('object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Rule', 'sid' => '211111');
 my $object = $session->search('object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Profile::Rule', 'rule' => $rule);

 my $conf = $object->config();
 $conf->action('PASS');

 # Use this method to modify attributes of object.
 $object->disable('true');
 $object->override_disable('true');
 $object->config($conf);
 $object->override_config('true');
 # Submit modification
 my $response = $session->modify( $object );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance.
See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific Grid Threat Protection::Rule object.

  sid     - Optional. The Rule ID.
  rule    - Optional. The Threat Protection rule object.
  profile - Optional. The Threat Protection profile object.

=item B<Example>

 #Retrieve the Threat Protection rule from appliance
 my $rule = $session->search(
     'object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Rule',
     'sid'    => '211111',
 );

 my $object = $session->search(
     'object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Profile::Rule',
     'rule'   => $rule,
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This object provides information about the Threat Protection profile rule settings.

=head2 config( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the rule configuration information.

Setting this method to a defined value implicitly sets the override_config method to 'true'. Setting the parameter to undefined causes the appliance to use the Grid default and automatically resets the override_config attribute to 'false'.

Note that when config is set to a defined value and override_config is set to 'false', the last operation takes precedence. Thus the sequence $object->config($value); $object->override_config('false'); will set override_config to 'false', and the sequence $object->override_config('false'); $object->config($value); will result in override_config='true'.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is reference on L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleConfig|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleConfig> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get config value
 my $value = $object->config();

 #Modify config value
 $value->log_severity('INFORMATIONAL');
 $object->config($value);

=back

=back

=head2 disable( )

=over

Use this method to set or indicate whether the Threat Protection profile rule is disabled.

Setting this method to a defined value implicitly sets the override_disable method to 'true'. Setting the parameter to undefined causes the appliance to use the Grid default and automatically resets the override_disable attribute to 'false'.

Note that when disable is set to a defined value and override_disable is set to 'false', the last operation takes precedence. Thus the sequence $object->disable('true'); $object->override_disable('false'); will set override_disable to 'false', and the sequence $object->override_disable('false'); $object->disable('true'); will result in override_disable='true'.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to disable Threat Protection profile rule and 'false' to enable it.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get disable value
 my $value = $object->disable();

 #Modify disable value
 $object->disable('true');

=back

=back

=head2 override_config( )

=over

The override_config attribute controls whether the current config value is used for the Threat Protection profile rule instead of the Grid default.

The override_config attribute can be specified explicitly. It is also set implicitly when config is set to a defined value.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to set the override_config flag or 'false' to deactivate/unset it. The default value is 'false'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get override_config value
 my $value = $object->override_config();

 #Modify override_config value
 $object->override_config('true');

=back

=back

=head2 override_disable( )

=over

The override_disable attribute controls whether the current disable value is used for the Threat Protection profile rule instead of the Grid default.

The override_disable attribute can be specified explicitly. It is also set implicitly when disable is set to a defined value.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to set the override_disable flag or 'false' to deactivate/unset it. The default value is 'false'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get override_disable value
 my $value = $object->override_disable();

 #Modify override_disable value
 $object->override_disable('true');

=back

=back

=head2 profile( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Threat Protection profile object. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, an L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Profile|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Profile> object.

=item B<Example>

 #Get profile value
 my $value = $object->profile();

=back

=back

=head2 rule( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Threat Protection rule object. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, an L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Rule|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Rule> object.

=item B<Example>

 #Get rule value
 my $value = $object->rule();

=back

=back

=head2 sid( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Rule ID. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get sid value
 my $value = $object->sid();

=back

=back

=head1 SAMPLE CODE

The following sample code demonstrates the different functions that can be applied to an object, such as add, search, modify, and remove.
This sample also includes error handling for the operations.

B<#Preparation prior to a Threat Protection profile rule insertion>

 #PROGRAM STARTS: Include all the modules that will be used
 use strict;
 use Infoblox;

 #Create a session to the Infoblox appliance

 my $session = Infoblox::Session->new(
                master   => "192.168.1.2", #appliance host ip
                username => "admin",       #appliance user login
                password => "infoblox"     #appliance password
                );

 unless ($session) {
        die("Construct session failed: ",
                Infoblox::status_code() . ":" . Infoblox::status_detail());
 }
 print "Session created successfully\n";

 #Create a Threat Protection profile
 my $atp_profile = Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Profile->new(
                name    => "atp_profile1",
                comment => "add TP profile",
                );

 unless ($atp_profile) {
        die("Construct Threat Protection profile failed: ",
                Infoblox::status_code() . ":" . Infoblox::status_detail());
 }

 #Add the Threat Protection profile object to the Infoblox appliance through a session
 $session->add($atp_profile)
        or die("Add Threat Protection profile failed: ",
                        $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 print "Threat Protection profile object added to server successfully\n";

B<#Search for a specific Threat Protection profile rule>

 #Search all Threat Protection profile rules that matches "atp_profile1" profile
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
                object  => "Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Profile::Rule",
                profile => $atp_profile,
                );
 my $object = $retrieved_objs[0];

 unless ($object) {
        die("Search Threat Protection profile rule failed: ",
                $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }
 print "Search Threat Protection profile rule object found at least 1 matching entry\n";

B<#Get and modify a Threat Protection profile rule>

 #Get a Threat Protection profile rule through the session
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
                object  => "Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Profile::Rule",
                profile => $atp_profile,
                );
 my $object = $retrieved_objs[0];

 unless ($object) {
        die("Get Threat Protection profile rule failed: ",
                $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }
 print "Get Threat Protection profile rule object found at least 1 matching entry\n";

 #Modify one of the attributes of the specified Threat Protection profile rule 
 $object->disable("true");

 #Apply the changes
 $session->modify($object)
        or die("Modify Threat Protection profile rule failed: ",
                $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 print "Threat Protection profile rule object modified successfully \n";

 ####PROGRAM ENDS####

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>,
L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Ruleset|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Ruleset>,
L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleConfig|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleConfig>, 
L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Rule|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Rule>,
L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Profile|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Profile>,

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
