=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::BFD::Template - a Bidirectional Forwarding Detection (BFD) template object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The BFD template is used to configure advanced BFD settings such as time intervals, authentication setting.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $bfd_template = Infoblox::Grid::BFD::Template->new(
     name                  => $string,                            #Required
     authentication_type   => 'NONE' | 'MD5' | 'METICULOUS-MD5' |
                              'SHA1' | 'METICULOUS-SHA1',         #Optional / Default is 'NONE'
     authentication_key    => $string,                            #Optional / Default is undefined
     authentication_key_id => $string,                            #Optional / Default is undefined
     detection_multiplier  => $uint,                              #Optional / Default is 3
     min_rx_interval       => $uint,                              #Optional / Default is 100
     min_tx_interval       => $uint,                              #Optional / Default is 100
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in an Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to a BFD template object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->add( )

=over

Use this method to add the object to the Infoblox appliance.
See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Construct an object
 my $object = Infoblox::Grid::BFD::Template->new(
     name                  => 'bfd_template1',
     authentication_type   => 'MD5',
     authentication_key    => 'secret',
     authentication_key_id => 42,
 );

 #Submit for addition
 my $response = $session->add($object);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance.
See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific BFD template object:

  name - Optional. The BFD template name in string format.

=item B<Examples>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::Grid::BFD::Template',
     name   => 'bfd_template1',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify the object in the Infoblox appliance.
See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Modify min_rx value
 $object->min_rx_interval(100);

 #Submit modification
 my $response = $session->modify($object);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->remove( )

=over

Use this method to remove the object from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/> for parameters and return values.

To remove a specific object, first use get() or search() to retrieve the specific DHCP range object, and then submit this object for removal.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get the objects
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::Grid::BFD::Template',
     name   => 'bfd_template1',
 );

 #Find the desired object from the retrieved list
 my $desired_object = $retrieved_objs[0];

 #Submit for removal
 my $response = $session->remove($desired_object);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance.
See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to search for the BFD template object:

  name - Optional. The BFD template name in string format (regexp).

=item B<Examples>

 # search for objects
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object => 'Infoblox::Grid::BFD::Template',
     name   => '.*template',
);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a BFD template object.

=head2 authentication_key( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the authentication key for BFD protocol message-digest authentication. This is a write-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a authentication key in a string format. 

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #Modify authentication_key value
 $object->authentication_key('secret');

=back

=back

=head2 authentication_key_id( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the authentication key identifier for BFD protocol authentication.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an unsigned integer between 1 and 255. The default is 1.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get authentication_key_id value
 my $authentication_key_id = $object->authentication_key_id();

 #Modify authentication_key_id value
 $object->authentication_key_id(200);

=back

=back

=head2 authentication_type( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the authentication type for BFD protocol. 

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid values are 'NONE', 'MD5', 'METICULOUS-MD5', 'SHA1', and 'METICULOUS-SHA1'. The default value is 'NONE'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get authentication_type value
 my $authentication_type = $object->authentication_type();

 #Modify authentication_type value
 $object->authentication_type('SHA1');

=back

=back

=head2 detection_multiplier( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the detection time multiplier value for BFD protocol.

The negotiated transmit interval, multiplied by this value, provides the detection time for the receiving system in asynchronous BFD mode.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an unsigned integer between 3 and 50. The default is 3.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get detection_multiplier value
 my $detection_multiplier = $object->detection_multiplier();

 #Modify detection_multiplier value
 $object->detection_multiplier(20);

=back

=back

=head2 is_default( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the flag that indicates whether the BFD template is a Grid default or not. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get is_default value
 my $is_default = $object->is_default();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the BFD template name.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a BFD template name in a string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name value
 my $name = $object->name();

 #Modify name value
 $object->name('template1');

=back

=back

=head2 min_rx_interval( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the minimum receive time (in seconds) for BFD protocol.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an unsigned integer between 50 and 9999. The default is 100.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get min_rx_interval value
 my $min_rx_interval = $object->min_rx_interval();

 #Modify min_rx_interval value
 $object->min_rx_interval(200);

=back

=back

=head2 min_tx_interval( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the minimum transmission time (in seconds) for BFD protocol.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an unsigned integer between 50 and 9999. The default is 100.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get min_tx_interval value
 my $min_tx_interval = $object->min_tx_interval();

 #Modify min_tx_interval value
 $object->min_tx_interval(200);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>,

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
