=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Admin::LocalUserAuthService - Local User Authentication Service object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This object represents a local authentication service for authenticating users against the local database. All methods are read-only.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions can be applied to an Infoblox::Grid::Admin::LocalUserAuthService object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Admin::AuthPolicy->auth_services( )

=over

Use this function to set or retrieve a reference to an array of authentication services.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Retrieve the local user authentication service
 my $local = $session->get(object => "Infoblox::Grid::Admin::LocalUserAuthService");

 #Set it as the authentication policy
 $auth_policy->auth_services([$local]);

=back

=back

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in the Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to a Local User Authentication Service object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the local user authentication service from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

No parameters are required.

=item B<Example>

 my $local_user_auth_service = $session->get(
     object => "Infoblox::Grid::Admin::LocalUserAuthService",
     );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to retrieve the attribute values of a local user authentication service.

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the descriptive comment.

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get comment
 my $comment = $local_user_auth_service->comment();

=back

=back

=head2 disabled( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the disabled flag for the local user authentication service.

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get disabled
 my $disabled = $local_user_auth_service->disabled();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the name of the local user authentication service.

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name
 my $name = $local_user_auth_service->name();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Admin::AuthPolicy|Infoblox::Grid::Admin::AuthPolicy>/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
