=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::DCNSRecordCreation - An Infoblox Active Directory Domain Controller object 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Active Directory Domain Controller object represents the Active Directory Domain Controller which is allowed for NS Record creation in a DNS Zone.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $dcncrecordcreation = Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::DCNSRecordCreation->new(
     address => $ipv4addr | $ipv6addr, #Required
     comment => $string,               #Optional / Default is undefined
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods. It is retrieved as a part of the DNS Zone object. It also can be retrieved as a result of L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get_ms_dc_ns_record_creation_list()|Infoblox::Session/get_ms_dc_ns_record_creation_list()/> function.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a AD Domain Controller object.

=head2 Infoblox::DNS::Zone->ms_dc_ns_record_creation( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of Active Directory Domain Controllers which are allowed to create NS Record for the DNS Zone.
See L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone-E<gt>ms_dc_ns_record_creation()|Infoblox::DNS::Zone/ms_dc_ns_record_creation()/> for parameters and return values.

=over 

=item B<Example>

 #Get ms_dc_ns_record_creation
 my $ms_dc_ns_record_creation = $zone->ms_dc_ns_record_creation();

 #Modify ms_dc_ns_record_creation
 $zone->ms_dc_ns_record_creation([$msdcns1, $msdcns1]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

this section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 address( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the address of a Domain Controller.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired IPv4 or IPv6 address in a string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get address value
 my $address = $object->address();

 #Set address value
 $object->address('10.0.0.1');

=back

=back

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the descriptive comment.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired comment in a string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get comment value
 my $address = $object->comment();

 #Set comment value
 $object->comment('desired-comment');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone-E<gt>ms_dc_ns_record_creation()|Infoblox::DNS::Zone/ms_dc_ns_record_creation()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get_ms_dc_ns_record_creation_list()|Infoblox::Session/get_ms_dc_ns_record_creation_list()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
