=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DTC::Record::NAPTR  - A DTC NAPTR record object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A DTC NAPTR object represents a DNS Traffic Control Naming Authority Pointer (DTC NAPTR) resource record. This resource record specifies a regular expression-based rewrite rule that, when applied to an existing string, produces a new domain name or URI.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $dtc_naptr = Infoblox::DTC::Record::NAPTR->new(
     'dtc_server'  => $dtc_server,      #Required
     'order'       => $num,             #Required
     'preference'  => $num,             #Required
     'replacement' => $string           #Required
     'comment'     => $string,          #Optional
     'disable'     => 'true' | 'false', #Optional / Default is 'false'
     'flags'       => $string,          #Optional
     'regexp'      => $string,          #Optional
     'services'    => $string,          #Optional
     'ttl'         => $uint | undef,    #Optional / Default is undefined
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in an Infoblox::Session module that can be applied to a DTC NAPTR record object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->add( )

=over

Use this method to add an object to the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Construct an object
 my $dtc_naptr = Infoblox::DTC::Record::NAPTR->new(
     'comment'     => 'Sample DTC NAPTR record',
     'disable'     => 'false',
     'dtc_server'  => $dtc_server,
     'flags'       => 'U',
     'order'       => 100,
     'preference'  => 10,
     'regexp'      => '!http://my[.](.*)!1!i',
     'replacement' => 'domain2.com',
     'services'    => 'http+E2U',
     'ttl'         => 1024,
 );

 # Submit for addition
 my $response = $session->add($dtc_naptr);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the existing objects from an Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attributes to get specific DTC NAPTR record objects:

     dtc_server      - Required. DTC Server object the DTC NAPTR record is associated with.
     comment         - Optional. Descriptive comment in string format
     flags           - Optional. Flags in string format
     order           - Optional. Unsigned integer that represent DTC NAPTR order.
     preference      - Optional. Unsigned integer that represent DTC NAPTR preference.
     replacement     - Optional. Replacement field in string format
     services        - Optional. Services field in string format

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object     => 'Infoblox::DTC::Record::NAPTR',
     dtc_server => $dtc_server,
 );

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
    object     => 'Infoblox::DTC::Record::NAPTR',
    dtc_server => $dtc_server,
    order      => 1,
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify an object in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 # Use this method to modify the comment.
 $dtc_naptr->comment('this is a modified comment');

 # Submit the modification
 my $response = $session->modify($dtc_naptr);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->remove( )

=over

Use this method to submit the removal of an object from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/> for parameters and return values.

To remove a specific object, first use get() or search() to retrieve the object, and then submit it for removal.

=over

=item B<Example>

 # Get the objects associated with DTC Server $dtc_server
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object     => 'Infoblox::DTC::Record::NAPTR',
     dtc_server => $dtc_server,
 );

 # Find the desired object in the retrieved list.
 my $desired_rec = $retrieved_objs[0];

 # Submit for removal
 my $response = $session->remove($desired_rec);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the existing objects from an Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attributes to search the DTC NAPTR record objects:

     dtc_server      - Required. DTC Server object the DTC NAPTR record is associated with (exact).
     comment         - Optional. Descriptive comment in string format (regexp).
     flags           - Optional. Flags in string format (regexp).
     order           - Optional. Unsigned integer that represent DTC NAPTR order (exact).
     preference      - Optional. Unsigned integer that represent DTC NAPTR preference (exact).
     replacement     - Optional. Replacement field in string format (regexp).
     services        - Optional. Services field in string format (regexp).

=item B<Example>

 # Get the objects associated with DTC Server $dtc_server
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object     => 'Infoblox::DTC::Record::NAPTR',
     dtc_server => $dtc_server,
 );

 # Get the objects associated with DTC Server $dtc_server with comment that starts from 'NAPTR'
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object     => 'Infoblox::DTC::Record::NAPTR',
     dtc_server => $dtc_server,
     comment    => '^NAPTR.*',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to retrieve the attribute values of a DTC NAPTR record object.

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the descriptive comment of a DTC NAPTR record object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Desired comment in string format with a maximum of 256 characters.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get comment value
 my $comment = $dtc_naptr->comment();
 #Modify comment value
 $dtc_naptr->comment('This is a new comment');

=back

=back

=head2 disable( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the disable flag of a DTC NAPTR record.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to set the disable flag or 'false' to deactivate/unset it.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get disable value
 my $disable = $dtc_naptr->disable();
 #Modify disable value
 $dtc_naptr->disable('true');

=back

=back

=head2 dtc_server( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the DTC Server the DTC NAPTR record associated with.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

Note that once the DTC record has been created the DTC Server value cannot be changed.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an L<Infoblox::DTC::Server|Infoblox::DTC::Server> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get the dtc_server field
 my $dtc_server = $dtc_naptr->dtc_server();

 #Modify dtc_server value
 $dtc_naptr->dtc_server($server1);

=back

=back

=head2 flags( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the flags that control the interpretation of the fields for a DTC NAPTR record object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Currently supported values for the flags field are 'U', 'S', 'P' and 'A'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get flags value
 my $flags = $dtc_naptr->flags();
 #Modify flags value
 $dtc_naptr->flags('U');

=back

=back

=head2 order( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the order parameter of a DTC NAPTR record. This parameter specifies the order in which the DTC NAPTR rules are applied when multiple rules are present.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The order parameter is a 16-bit unsigned integer.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get order value
 my $order = $dtc_naptr->order();
 #Modify order value
 $dtc_naptr->order(200);

=back

=back

=head2 preference( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the preference field of a DTC NAPTR record. The preference field determines the order DTC NAPTR records are processed when multiple records with the same order parameter are present.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The preference parameter is a 16-bit integer.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get preference value
 my $preference = $dtc_naptr->preference();
 #Modify preference value
 $dtc_naptr->preference(300);

=back

=back

=head2 regexp( )

=over

Use this method to specify the regular expression-based rewriting rule of a DTC NAPTR record. This should be a POSIX compliant regular expression, including the substitution rule and flags. Refer to RFC 2915 for the field syntax details.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid parameter is a POSIX compliant regular expression or substitution expression.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get regexp value
 my $regexp = $dtc_naptr->regexp();
 #Modify regexp value
 $dtc_naptr->regexp('!http://(.*)!1!i');

=back

=back

=head2 replacement( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the replacement field of a DTC NAPTR record object. For non-terminal DTC NAPTR records, this field specifies the next domain name to look up.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

The attribute value can be in unicode format.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The desired replacement value in a Fully-Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get replacement value
 my $replacement = $dtc_naptr->replacement();
 #Modify replacement value
 $dtc_naptr->replacement('__tcp__.domain.com');

=back

=back

=head2 services( )

=over

Use this field to specify services. The services field contains protocol and service identifiers, for example 'http+E2U' or 'SIPS+D2T'.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The services field in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get services value
 my $services = $dtc_naptr->services();
 #Modify services value
 $dtc_naptr->services('http+E2U');

=back

=back

=head2 ttl( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the Time to Live (TTL) value.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

The default value is undefined which indicates that the record inherits the TTL value of the DTC server pool.

Specify a TTL value to override the TTL value at the DTC server pool level.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an unsigned integer between 0 and 4294967295 that represents the duration (in seconds) that the record is cached.
Zero indicates that the record should not be cached.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ttl value
 my $ttl = $dtc_naptr->ttl();

 #Modify ttl value
 $dtc_naptr->ttl(1800);

 #inherit ttl value
 $dtc_naptr->ttl(undef);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, 
L<Infoblox::DTC::Server|Infoblox::DTC::Server>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
