=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DTC::Query::Parameters - A DTC query call parameters object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A DTC query call parameters object.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $params = Infoblox::DTC::Query::Parameters->new(
     address => $string,                          # Required
     qname   => $string,                          # Required
     type    => 'A' | 'AAAA' | 'NAPTR' | 'CNAME', # Required
     lbdn    => $lbdn,                            # Required
     member  => $string,                          # Required
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods. It's used as a parameters for a DTC query call.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

=head1 Infoblox::DTC->query( )

=over

Use this method to perform a DTC query on a given member.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is an L<Infoblox::DTC::Query::Parameters|Infoblox::DTC::Query::Parameters> object.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns an L<Infoblox::DTC::Query::Response|Infoblox::DTC::Query::Response> when operation succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #perform DTC query
 my $response = $dtc->query($params);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 address( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve an ostensible IPv4 or IPv6 source address.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a string that contains an IPv4 or IPv6 address.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get address value
 my $address = $params->address();

 #modify address value
 $params->address('192.168.1.0');

=back

=back

=head2 lbdn( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a specific LBDN object for querying.

Note that LBDN objects must be first retrieved using the get() or search() operation.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an L<Infoblox::DTC::LBDN|Infoblox::DTC::LBDN> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get lbdn value
 my $lbdn = $params->lbdn();

 #modify lbdn value
 $params->lbdn($lbdn);

=back

=back

=head2 member( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a member name for querying.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a string that contains the member name.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get member value
 my $member = $params->member();

 #modify member value
 $params->member('localhost.localdomain');

=back

=back

=head2 qname( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a fully-qualified DNS query name.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a string, which contains a query name in FQDN format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get qname value
 my $qname = $params->qname();

 #modify qname value
 $params->qname($fqdn);

=back

=back

=head2 type( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the type of desired results.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid values are 'A', 'AAAA', 'CNAME' and 'NAPTR'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get type value
 my $type = $params->type();

 #modify type value
 $params->type('AAAA');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DTC-E<gt>query()|Infoblox::DTC/query()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
