=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DTC::Query::Result - A DTC Query result object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A DTC Query function call result object.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods. It is retrieved as a part of the DTC Query response object.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 override_ttl( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the attribute, which controls whether the TTL value of the object is used, instead of the Grid default. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, which can be 'true' or 'false'.

=item B<Example>

 #get override_ttl value
 my $override_ttl = $result->override_ttl();

=back

=back

=head2 ttl( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve a TTL value. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is an unsigned integer.

=item B<Example>

 #get ttl value
 my $ttl = $result->ttl();

=back

=back

=head2 rdata( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve DNS record data. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get rdata value
 my $rdata = $result->rdata();

=back

=back

=head2 type( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the DNS record type. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return values are 'A', 'AAAA', 'CNAME' and 'NAPTR'.

=item B<Example>

 #get type value
 my $type = $result->type();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DTC-E<gt>query()|Infoblox::DTC/query()/>, L<Infoblox::DTC::Response|Infoblox::DTC::Response>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
