=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::LOM::User - User information for the Lights Out Management functionality.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

An Infoblox::Grid::LOM::User object represents a user for the LOM functionality.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $user   = Infoblox::Grid::LOM::User->new(
      name     => $string,             # Required
      password => $string,             # Required
      role     => "OPERATOR" | "USER", # Required
      disable  => "true" | "false",    # Required
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a LOM User object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Member->bgp_as( )

=over

Use this function to specify BGP Autonomous Systems for the grid member. See L<Infoblox::Grid::Member-E<gt>bgp_as()|Infoblox::Grid::Member/bgp_as()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Construct a LOM User
 my $lomuser = Infoblox::Grid::LOM::User->new(
      name     => 'username',
      password => 'password',
      role     => 'OPERATOR',
      disable  => 'false,
 );

 # Configure the LOM user on the grid object
 $grid->lom_users([$lomuser]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to configure and retrieve the attribute values of an Infoblox::Grid::LOM::User object.

=head2 disable( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the disable flag for the user.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the disable flag or "false" to deactivate/unset it.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get the disable
 my $disable = $lom_user->disable();
 #Modify the disable
 $lom_user->disable('false');

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the name of the user.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The name of the user in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get the name
 my $name = $lom_user->name();
 #Modify the name
 $lom_user->name('username');

=back

=back

=head2 password( )

=over

Use this method to set the password the user will use to authenticate. This is a write-only attribute.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The password for the user in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #Modify the password
 $lom_user->password('password');

=back

=back

=head2 role( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the role of the user.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid values are "OPERATOR" and "USER".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get the role
 my $role = $lom_user->role();
 #Modify the role
 $lom_user->role('OPERATOR');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Member|Infoblox::Grid::Member>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::BGP::Neighbor|Infoblox::Grid::Member::BGP::Neighbor>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
