=head1 NAME

Infoblox::IPAM::DiscoveryTask::VServer  - VMWare discovery server object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This object contains information about the vSphere servers on which the VM discovery is performed.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $vserver = Infoblox::IPAM::DiscoveryTask::VServer->new(
         fqdn_or_ip   => $string,           #Required.
         password     => $string,           #Required.
         username     => $string,           #Required.
         disable      => "true" | "false",  #Optional. Default is "false".
         encryption   => "true" | "false",  #Optional. Default is "true".
         port         => $num,              #Optional. Default is 443.
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

You can apply the following functions to a VMware vSphere server.

=head2 Infoblox::IPAM::DiscoveryTask->vservers( )

=over

Use this function to specify the vSphere server on which the VM discovery is performed. See L<Infoblox::IPAM::DiscoveryTask-E<gt>vservers( )|Infoblox::IPAM::DiscoveryTask/vservers( )/> for parameters and returned values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 my $vserver1 = Infoblox::IPAM::DiscoveryTask::VServer->new(
        fqdn_or_ip => "vcenter.com",
        username => "test1",
        password => "test1",
    );
 my $vserver2 = Infoblox::IPAM::DiscoveryTask::VServer->new(
        fqdn_or_ip => "10.2.3.4",
        username => "test2",
        password => "test2",
    );
  #Modifying vserver
  $discovery_task->vservers([$vserver1, $vserver2]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to retrieve the attribute values of a vSphere server.

=head2 disable( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the disable flag of a vSphere server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to disable the vSphere server or "false" to enable the server. The default value is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get disable flag
 my $disable = $vserver->disable();
 #Modify disable
 $vserver->disable("true");

=back

=back

=head2 encryption( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the encryption flag of a vSphere server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to enable encryption or specify "false" to disable encryption on the vSphere server. The default value is "true".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get encryption
 my $encryption = $vserver->encryption();
 #Modify encryption
 $vserver->encryption("false");

=back

=back

=head2 fqdn_or_ip( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the FQDN (Fully Qualified Domain Name) or IP address of the vShpere server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The string that contains the FQDN or the IP address of the vSphere server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get fqdn_or_ip
 my $fqdn_or_ip = $vserver->fqdn_or_ip();
 #Modify fqdn_or_ip
 $vserver->fqdn_or_ip("vdiscovery.example.com");

=back

=back

=head2 password( )

=over

Use this method to set the user password on the vSphere server. This is a write-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

String containing password.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #Modify password
 $vserver->password("infobloxx");

=back

=back

=head2 port( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the connection port that the vSphere server uses.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid values are between 1 and 65535. The default value is 443.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get port
 my $port = $vserver->port();
 #Modify port
 $vserver->port(444);

=back

=back

=head2 username( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the user name on the VSphere server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The username in the string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get username
 my $username = $vserver->username();
 #Modify username
 $vserver->username("someuser");

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::IPAM::DiscoveryTask|Infoblox::IPAM::DiscoveryTask>, L<Infoblox::IPAM::DiscoveryTask-E<gt>vservers()|Infoblox::IPAM::DiscoveryTask/vservers(/)/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
