=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP::OID - a DTC SNMP Monitor OID object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

SNMP is stateless request-response protocol for monitoring and managing devices on network. SNMP agent (software running on monitored server) exposes management data in form of variables. Each variable associated with a uniq id called OID.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $snmp_oid = Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP::OID->new(
     oid       => $string,                                   # Required
     comment   => $string,                                   # Optional / Default is undefined
     type      => 'STRING' | 'INTEGER',                      # Optional / Default is 'STRING'
     condition => 'ANY' | 'EXACT' | 'LEQ' | 'GEQ' | 'RANGE', # Optional / Default is 'ANY'
     first     => $string,                                   # Optional / Default is undefined
     last      => $string,                                   # Optional / Default is undefined
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a DTC SNMP Monitor OID object.

=head2 Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP->oids( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of OIDs for SNMP monitoring.
See L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP-E<gt>oids()|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP/oids()> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get snmp_oid value
 my $snmp_oid = $snmp_monitor->snmp_oid();
 #Modify bind_check_snmp_oid
 $snmp_monitor->snmp_oid([$snmp_oids]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the comment for a DTC SNMP Health Monitor OID object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a comment in string format (UTF-8) with a maximum of 256 bytes.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get comment value
 my $comment = $snmp_oid->comment();

 #modify comment value
 $snmp_oid->comment('desired comment');

=back

=back

=head2 condition( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the condition for validating the result of a SNMP health check.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The following conditions can be applied to result check:

    'ANY' accepts any response.

    'EXACT' accepts result equal to 'first'

    'LEQ' accepts result which is less than 'first'

    'GEQ' accepts result which is greater than 'first'

    'RANGE' accepts result value of which is between 'first' and 'last'

The default value is 'ANY'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get condition value
 my $condition = $snmp_oid->condition();

 #modify condition value
 $snmp_oid->condition('RANGE');

=back

=back

=head2 first( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the condition's first term to match against the SNMP health check result.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a string or integer both in string format (UTF-8) with a maximum of 256 bytes.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get first value
 my $first = $snmp_oid->first();

 #modify first value
 $snmp_oid->first('first_value');

=back

=back

=head2 last( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the condition's second term to match against the SNMP health check result with 'RANGE' condition.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a string or integer both in string format (UTF-8) with a maximum of 256 bytes.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get last value
 my $last = $snmp_oid->last();

 #modify last value
 $snmp_oid->last('1000');

=back

=back

=head2 oid( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the SNMP OID value for DTC SNMP monitor health checks.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an OID in string format (UTF-8) with a maximum of 256 bytes.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get oid value
 my $oid = $snmp_oid->oid();

 #modify oid value
 $snmp_oid->oid('sampleoid.1.1.1.1.2);

=back

=back

=head2 type( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the condition's value type for DTC SNMP monitor health check results.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid values are 'STRING' and 'INTEGER'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get type value
 my $type = $snmp_oid->type();

 #modify type value
 $snmp_oid->type('INTEGER');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP>, 
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP-E<gt>oids()|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP/oids()>


=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
