=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::DNS::Nsgroup::ForwardStubServer - A forward/stub external nameserver group.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The forward/stub external nameserver group provides forward/stub external servers configuration for forward zones.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $object = Infoblox::Grid::DNS::Nsgroup::ForwardStubServer->new(
     name                  => $string,                                                              # Required
     external_servers      => [$ns1, $ns2, ...],                                                    # Required
     comment               => $string,                                                              # Optional / Default is undefined
     extattrs              => { $string => $extattr, ... },                                         # Optional / Default is undefined
     extensible_attributes => {$string => $string | $num, $string => [ $string | $num, ... ], ... } # Optional / Default is undefined
 );

You cannot set both extattrs and extensible_attributes attributes at the same time.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in an Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to a forward/stub external nameservers group object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->add( )

=over

Use this method to add the object to the Infoblox appliance.
See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Construct an object
 my $object = Infoblox::Grid::DNS::Nsgroup::ForwardStubServer->new(
     name             => 'extsrvgroup',
     external_servers => [$ns1, $ns2],
 );

 #Submit for addition
 my $response = $session->add($object);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance.
See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific forward/stub external nameserver group object:

  comment               - Optional. The forward/stub external nameserver group comment in a string format.
  name                  - Optional. The forward/stub external nameserver group name in a string format.
  extattrs              - Optional. A hash reference containing extensible attributes.
  extensible_attributes - Optional. A hash reference containing extensible attributes.

For more information about searching extensible attributes, see L<Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef/Searching Extensible Attributes|Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef/Searching Extensible Attributes>.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::Grid::DNS::Nsgroup::ForwardStubServer',
     name   => 'extsrvgroup',
 );

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object                => 'Infoblox::Grid::DNS::Nsgroup::ForwardStubServer',
     extensible_attributes => {'Site' => 'Santa Clara'},
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify the object in the Infoblox appliance.
See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Modify comment value
 $object->comment('this is a modified comment');

 #Submit modification
 my $response = $session->modify($object);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->remove( )

=over

Use this method to remove the object from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/> for parameters and return values.

To remove a specific object, first use get() or search() to retrieve the specific DHCP range object, and then submit this object for removal.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get the objects
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::Grid::DNS::Nsgroup::ForwardStubServer',
     name   => 'extsrvgroup',
 );

 #Find the desired object from the retrieved list
 my $desired_object = $retrieved_objs[0];

 #Submit for removal
 my $response = $session->remove($desired_object);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attributes to search for the forward/stub external nameserver group object:

  comment               - Optional. The forward/stub external nameserver group comment in a string format (regexp).
  name                  - Optional. The forward/stub external nameserver group name in a string format (regexp).
  extattrs              - Optional. A hash reference containing extensible attributes.
  extensible_attributes - Optional. A hash reference containing extensible attributes.

For more information about searching extensible attributes, see L<Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef/Searching Extensible Attributes|Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef/Searching Extensible Attributes>.

=item B<Example>

 # search for objects
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object  => 'Infoblox::Grid::DNS::Nsgroup::ForwardStubServer',
     name    => '^ext.*',
     comment => '.*comment',
 );

 # search for objects defining 'Santa Clara' for 'Site' extensible attribute
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object                => 'Infoblox::Grid::DNS::Nsgroup::ForwardStubServer',
     extensible_attributes => {'Site' => 'Santa Clara'},
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a forward/stub external nameserver group.

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the forward/stub external nameserver group comment.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired comment in a string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get comment value
 my $comment = $object->comment();

 #Modify comment value
 $object->comment('ext comment');

=back

=back

=head2 extattrs( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the extensible attributes associated with a forward/stub external nameserver group object.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is a hash reference that contains the names of extensible attributes and their associated values (L<Infoblox::Grid::Extattr|Infoblox::Grid::Extattr> objects).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get extattrs value
 my $extattrs = $object->extattrs();

 #Modify extattrs value
 $object->extattrs({'Site' => $extattr1, 'Administrator' => $extattr2});

=back

=back

=head2 extensible_attributes( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the extensible attributes associated with a forward/stub external nameserver group object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

For valid values for extensible attributes, see L<Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef/Extensible Attribute Values|Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef/Extensible Attribute Values>.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get extensible attributes value
 my $extensible_attributes = $object->extensible_attributes();
 #Modify extensible attributes
 $object->extensible_attributes({'Site' => 'Santa Clara', 'Administrator' => ['Peter', 'Tom']});

=back

=back


=head2 external_servers( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of forward/stub external nameservers.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array of L<Infoblox::DNS::Nameserver|Infoblox::DNS::Nameserver> objects.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get external_servers value
 my $external_servers = $object->external_servers();

 #Modify external_servers value

 #Create nameserver object
 my $nameserver = Infoblox::DNS::Nameserver->new(
     name     => 'ns1.domain1.extra',
     ipv4addr => '5.5.5.5',
 );

 #Set external_servers value
 $object->external_servers([$nameserver]);

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the forward/stub external nameserver group name.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired name in a string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name value
 my $name = $object->name();

 #Modify name value
 $object->name('extsrvgroup');

=back

=back

=head1 SAMPLE CODE

The following sample code demonstrates the different functions that can be applied to an object, such as modify and remove. This sample also includes error handling for the operations.

B<#Preparation prior to an Forward Stub Server Nsgroup object insertion>

 #PROGRAM STARTS: Include all the modules that will be used
 use strict;
 use Infoblox;

 my ($session, $result);

 #Create a session to the Infoblox device
 $session = Infoblox::Session->new(
     master   => "192.168.1.2",
     username => "admin",
     password => "infoblox"
 );
 unless ($session) {
    die("Construct session failed: ",
        Infoblox::status_code() . ":" . Infoblox::status_detail());
 }
 print "Session created successfully\n";

B<#Create an Forward Stub Server Nsgroup object>

 #Creating an external nameserver
 my $nameserver = Infoblox::DNS::Nameserver->new(
     name     => "ns1.domain0.external",
     ipv4addr => "5.5.5.5",
 );

 #Creating a forwarding nsgroup object.
 my $fwd_stub_nsg1 = Infoblox::Grid::DNS::Nsgroup::ForwardStubServer->new(
     name             => "fwd_stub_group_1",
     external_servers => [$nameserver],
 );

 unless ($fwd_stub_nsg1) {
    die("Construct Forward Stub Server Nsgroup failed: ",
        Infoblox::status_code() . ":" . Infoblox::status_detail());
 }

 print "Forward Stub Server Nsgroup object constructed successfully\n";

B<#Add the Nsgroup object>

 $result = $session->add($fwd_stub_nsg1);
 
 unless ($result) {
     die("Add Forward Stub Server Nsgroup to session failed: ",
         $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }

 print "Forward Stub Server Nsgroup object created successfully\n";

B<#Search and Modify the Nsgroup object>

 my @result_array = $session->search(
     object => "Infoblox::Grid::DNS::Nsgroup::ForwardStubServer",
     name   => "fwd_stub_.*",
 );

 my $object = $result_array[0];

 unless ($object) {
    die("Search for Forward Stub Server Nsgroup failed: ",
        $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }

 $result = $object->comment("forwarding member");

 unless ($result) {
     die("Modify Forward Stub Server Nsgroup failed: ",
         Infoblox::status_code() . ":" . Infoblox::status_detail());
 }

 $result = $session->modify($object);

 unless ($result) {
     die("Submit modification to the session failed: ",
         $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }

 print "Forward Stub Server Nsgroup object modified successfully\n";

B<#Remove a Nsgroup object>

 my @result_array = $session->get(
     object => "Infoblox::Grid::DNS::Nsgroup::ForwardStubServer",
     name   => "fwd_stub_group_1",
 );

 my $object = $result_array[0];

 unless ($object) {
    die("Get Forward Stub Server Nsgroup failed: ",
        $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }

 $result = $session->remove($object);

 unless ($result) {
     die("Remove Nsgroup failed: ",
         $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }

 print "Forward Stub Server Nsgroup object removed successfully\n";

 ####PROGRAM ENDS####

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>,
L<Infoblox::DNS::Nameserver|Infoblox::DNS::Nameserver>,
L<Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef/Extensible Attribute Values|Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef/Extensible Attribute Values>, 
L<Infoblox::Grid::Extattr|Infoblox::Grid::Extattr>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
