=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster - A DDNS Principal Cluster object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The DDNS Principal Cluster object represents a set of principals such that any principal in a DDNS Principal Cluster can update records created by any other principal in the same cluster.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

    my $cluster = Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster->new(
        name       => $string,                   # Required
        group      => $string,                   # Required
        comment    => $string,                   # Optional / Default is undefined
        principals => [$string1, $string2, ...], # Optional / Default is undefined
    );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in a Session module that you can apply to a DDNS Principal Cluster object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->add( )

=over

Use this method to add an object to the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #create DDNS principal cluster group

 my $cluster_group = Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster::Group->new(
     name => 'cluster_group',
 );
 
 #submit for addition
 my $response = $session->add($cluster_group);

 #construct an object
 my $object = Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster->new(
    name  => 'cluster1',
    group => 'cluster_group',
 );

 #submit for addition
 my $response = $session->add($object);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

  name    - Optional. A DDNS Principal cluster name in a string format.
  comment - Optional. A DDNS Principal cluster comment.
  group   - Optional. A DDNS Principal cluster group name.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster',
     name   => 'cluster1',
     group  => 'cluster_group',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify an object in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Use method to modify the comment.
 $object->comment('this is a modified comment');
 #Submit modification
 my $response = $session->modify($object);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->remove( )

=over

Use this method to remove an object from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/> for parameters and return values.

To remove a specific object, first use get() or search() to retrieve the specific object, and then submit this object for removal.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get the objects with the same name
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster',
     name   => 'cluster1',
 );
 #Find the desired object from the retrieved list.
 my $desired_cluster = $retrieved_objs[0];
 #Submit for removal
 my $response = $session->remove($desired_cluster);


=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

  name    - Optional. A DDNS Principal Cluster name in a string format.
  comment - Optional. A DDNS Principal Cluster comment.
  group   - Optional. A DDNS Principal cluster group name.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster',
     name   => 'group11',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 MODULE METHODS

=head2 Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster::Group->clusters( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve a list of DDNS Principal Clusters. 
See L<Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster::Group-E<gt>clusters()|Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster::Group/clusters()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #get clusters value
 my $clusters = $object->clusters();

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a descriptive comment.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a comment in string format (UTF-8) with a maximum of 256 bytes.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get comment value
 my $comment = $object->comment();

 #modify comment value
 $object->comment('desired comment');

=back

=back

=head2 group( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the DDNS Principal Cluster group the cluster associated with.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a DDNS Principal Cluster group name in string format (UTF-8) with a maximum of 256 bytes.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get group value
 my $group = $object->group();

 #modify group value
 $object->group('desired_group');

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the DDNS Principal Cluster name.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Desired name in string format with a maximum of 256 bytes.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get name value
 my $name = $object->name();

 #modify name value
 $object->name('foo');

=back

=back

=head2 principals( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a list of equivalent principals.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array of desired principal names in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get principals value
 my $principals = $object->principals();

 #modify principals value
 $object->principals(['foo', 'bar']);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, 
L<Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster::Group|Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster::Group>, 
L<Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster::Group-E<gt>clusters()|Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster::Group/clusters()/>.


=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
