=head1 NAME

Infoblox::IFMap::Client::Credentials - IF-MAP Credentials object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This object represents the credentials used by an IF-MAP Federation Connector object.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $credentials = Infoblox::IFMap::Federation::Connector::Credentials->new(
     authentication => <"basic" | "certificate">,               #Required
     password => <STRING>,                                      #Required if authentication = "basic"
     server_ca_cert => $cacert,                                 #Optional
     server_url => <STRING>,                                    #Optional
     username => <STRING>,                                      #Required if authentication = "basic"
 );

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set and retrieve the attribute values of an IF-MAP Credentials object.

=head2 authentication( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the value of the authentication attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

A string that represents the attribute. Valid strings are "basic" or "certificate".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the authentication attribute.

=item B<Example>

 # Get authentication
 my $authentication = $credentials->authentication( );

 # Change it
 $credentials->authentication("basic");

=back

=back

=head2 password( )

=over

Use this method to set the value of the password attribute. This value is not returned by the server when you use the get() and search() session methods. This password is used for Basic Authentication and is required if authentication is set to "basic". This is a write-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

A string that specifies the password.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 # Set it
 $credentials->password("secret");

=back

=back

=head2 server_ca_cert( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the value of the server_ca_cert attribute. This configures the CA certificate to use for server certificate validation.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

An L<Infoblox::IFMap::CACertificate|Infoblox::IFMap::CACertificate> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute server_ca_cert.

=item B<Example>

 # Get server_ca_cert
 my $server_ca_cert = $credentials->server_ca_cert( );

 # Change it
 $credentials->server_ca_cert($ca_cert);

=back

=back

=head2 server_url( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the value of the server_url attribute. It specifies the URL of the federated IF-MAP service.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The URL of the IF-MAP service. For example "https://ifmap.infoblox.com:443/ifmap".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute server_url.

=item B<Example>

 # Get server_url
 my $server_url = $credentials->server_url( );

 # Change it
 $credentials->server_url("https://ifmap.infoblox.com:443/ifmap");

=back

=back

=head2 username( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the value of the username attribute. This username is used for Basic Authentication and is required if authentication is set to "basic". It has to be unique per server, specified by the server_url attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

A string that represents the attribute.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute username.

=item B<Example>

 # Get username
 my $username = $credentials->username( );

 # Change it
 $credentials->username("user1");

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::IFMap::CACertificate|Infoblox::IFMap::CACertificate>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
