=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleParam - A Grid Threat Protection Rule parameter object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Grid Threat Protection Rule parameter object represents information about Threat Protection Rule Config parameters.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $object = Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleParam->new(
    'name'  => $string,    # Required
    'value' => $string,    # Required
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

This section describes all the functions that you can apply to an ThreatProtection RuleParam object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleConfig->params( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve rule parameters. See L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleConfig-E<gt>params()|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleConfig/params()>

=over

=item B<Example>

  my $rule_param = Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleParam->new(
    'name'  => 'SRC_IP',
    'value' => 'abcd::',
  );

  my $rule_config = Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleConfig->new(
    'action'             => 'PASS',
    'log_severity'       => 'MAJOR',
    'params'             => [$rule_param]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the struct.

=head2 description( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the parameter description. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->description();

=back

=back

=head2 min( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the minimum value of the parameter if the parameter syntax is UNSIGNED_INT. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->min();

=back

=back

=head2 max( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the maximum value of the parameter if the parameter syntax is UNSIGNED_INT. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->max();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the parameter name.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The parameter name in string format.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->name();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->name('SRC_IP');

=back

=back

=head2 read_only( )

=over

Use this method to indicate if the parameter is read-only. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->read_only();

=back

=back

=head2 syntax( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the parameter syntax. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->syntax();

=back

=back

=head2 value( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the parameter value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The parameter value in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->value();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->value('15');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Rule|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Rule>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleConfig|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleConfig>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
