=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleTemplate - Grid Threat Protection Rule Template object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This object provides information about the Grid Threat protection rule template settings.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $object = Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleTemplate->new(
    'name' => $string,        # Required
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleTemplate object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific Grid Threat Protection RuleTemplate object.
  sid    - Optional. The Rule ID.
  name   - Optional. The name of the Threat protection rule template.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     'object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleTemplate',
     'name' => 'Whitelist source IP network',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific Grid Threat Protection::RuleTemplate object.
  sid     - Optional. The Rule ID.
  name    - Optional. The name of the Threat protection rule template.
  ruleset - Optional. An L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Ruleset|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Ruleset> object representing a reference to the ruleset object.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     'object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleTemplate',
     'name' => 'Whitelist source IP network',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

=head2 allowed_actions( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve allowed actions for the rule template. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->allowed_actions();

=back

=back

=head2 category( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve reference to the rule category. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->category();

=back

=back

=head2 default_config( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve default rule configuration information. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->default_config();

=back

=back

=head2 description( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the description for the rule template. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->description();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the name for the rule template. This is a read-only attribute if the object was retrieved from the server.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The name in string format.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->name();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->name('Whitelist source IP network');

=back

=back

=head2 ruleset( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve a reference to the ruleset object. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

An L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Ruleset|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Ruleset> object.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ruleset value
 my $value = $object->ruleset();

=back

=back

=head2 sid( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Rule ID. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->sid();

=back

=back

=head2 versions( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve information about the rule version. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->versions();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Rule|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Rule>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleConfig|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleConfig>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleParam|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleParam>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Ruleset|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Ruleset>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
