=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleConfig - The rule configuration.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is an in-memory struct.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $object = Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleConfig->new(
    'action'         => 'ALERT' | 'PASS' | 'DROP',                           # optional
    'log_severity'   => 'CRITICAL' | 'MAJOR' | 'WARNING' | 'INFORMATIONAL',  # optional
    'params'         => [$param1, $param2, ...],                             # required
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the struct.

=head2 action( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the action of the rule.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is 'ALERT', 'PASS' or 'DROP'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->action();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->action('DROP');

=back

=back

=head2 log_severity( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the severity for the rule log.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is 'CRITICAL', 'MAJOR', 'WARNING' or 'INFORMATIONAL'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->log_severity();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->log_severity('WARNING');

=back

=back

=head2 params( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve rule parameters.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is an array that contains L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleParam|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleParam> structs.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->params();

 # create expected RuleParam struct
 my $param = Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleParam->new(
    'name' => 'SRC_IP',
    'value' => 'abcd::/64',
 );

 # Modify attribute value
 $object->params([$param]);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Rule|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Rule>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleParam|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleParam>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
