=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleCategory - The rule category settings.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This object provides information about the rule category settings.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleCategory object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific Rule Category object.
  name   - Optional. The name of the Rule Category object.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     'object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleCategory',
     'name' => 'Whitelist source IP address',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific Rule Category object.
  name   - Optional. The name of the Rule Category object.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     'object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::RuleCategory',
     'name' => 'Whitelist source IP address',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the struct.

=head2 is_factory_reset_enabled( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the flag that indicates whether the factory reset of this object is enabled or disabled. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->is_factory_reset_enabled();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the category name. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->name();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Rule|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Rule>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
