=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Statistics - Threat protection statistics.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This object provides information about Threat protection statistics.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a Grid::ThreatProtection::Statistics object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific Threat Protection Statistics object.
  grid_member   - Optional. The Grid member name.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     'object'      => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Statistics',
     'grid_member' => 'member.com',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific Threat Protection Statistics object.
  grid_member   - Optional. The Grid member name.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     'object'      => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Statistics',
     'grid_member' => 'member.com',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

=head2 stat_infos( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve event statistics. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value that can be an array reference of L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::StatInfo|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::StatInfo> objects.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->stat_infos();

=back

=back

=head2 grid_member( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve a Grid member name. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->grid_member();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Rule|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::Rule>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::StatInfo|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection::StatInfo>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
