=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress - DNS Response Policy Zone (RPZ) CNAMEClientIpAddress record object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record represents different RPZ rules, depending on the value of the canonical name.
This record represents Passthru IP Address Rule, Block IP Address (No Such Domain) Rule, Block IP Address (No Data) Rule.

This record represents the IP trigger policy. It matches IP addresses that would otherwise appear in A and AAAA records in the "answer" section of a DNS response.

If canonical name is empty, it is a Block IP Address (No Such Domain) Rule.

If canonical name is an asterisk, it is a Block IP Address (No Data) Rule.

If canonical name is equal to 'rpz-passthru', it is a Passthru IP Address Rule.

You cannot create Substitute (IPv4/IPv6 Address) Rule for this record see L<Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::AIpAddress|Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::AIpAddress/> or L<Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::AAAAIpAddress|Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::AAAAIpAddress/> for details.

Note that you must specify only one view for the attribute "views".

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

  my $bind_cname_client_ip =  Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress->new (
      canonical => '' | '*' | 'rpz-passthru',#Required
      name      => $fqdn,                 #Required
      rp_zone   => $rp_zone,              #Required
      comment   => $string,               #Optional / Default is empty
      disable   => "true"|"false"         #Optional / Default "false"
      extattrs              => { $string => $extattr, ... },      #Optional / Default is undefined
      extensible_attributes => { $string => $string|$num, $string => [ $string|$num, ...], ... }, #Optional / Default is undefined
      ttl       => $num|undef,            #Optional / Default is undefined
      views     => [$View1],              #Optional / Default is "default" view
 );

You cannot set both extattrs and extensible_attributes attributes at the same time.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to a DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->add( )

=over

Use this method to add an object to the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Construct an IPv4 object
 my $bind_cname_client_ip = Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress->new (
     name      => "10.6.0.0/16.rpz.com",
     canonical => "rpz-passthru",
     rp_zone   => response_policy_zone1,
     comment   => "this is a demo record",
     disable   => "true",
     ttl       => "33",
     views     => [$view1]  );
 # Submit for addition
 my $response = $session->add( $bind_cname_client_ip );

 #Construct an IPv6 object
 my $bind_cname_client_ip = Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress->new (
     name      => "2001::/64.rpz.com",
     canonical => "*",
     rp_zone   => response_policy_zone1,
     comment   => "this is a demo record",
     disable   => "true",
     ttl       => "33",
     views     => [$view1]  );
 # Submit for addition
 my $response = $session->add( $bind_cname_client_ip );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record object:

  name - Optional. A host name in string format.
  view - Optional. The DNS view in which the RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record is located. By default, all DNS views are searched. But if you omit this attribute and specify a zone, the appliance searches the 'default' view only.
  zone - Optional. A zone name in FQDN format.
  canonical - Optional. A canonical name.
  extattrs     - Optional. A hash reference containing extensible attributes.
  extensible_attributes - Optional. A hash reference containing extensible attributes.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => "Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress",
     name   => "1.2.3.4.rpz.com",
     view   => "default" );

 #Get all DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress records in zone "rpz.com" of the default view
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => "Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress",
     zone   => "rpz.com",
     view   => "default" );

 # Get all DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress passthru records of the default view
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => "Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress",
     canonical => "rpz-passthru",
     view   => "default" );

 # Get all DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress records that contain a given extensible attribute
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => "Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress",
     extensible_attributes => { 'Site' => 'Santa Clara' });

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify an object in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 # Use this method to modify the comment
 $bind_cname_client_ip->comment("this is a modified comment");
 # Submit modification
 my $response = $session->modify( $bind_cname_client_ip );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->remove( )

=over

Use this method to remove an object from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/> for parameters and return values.

To remove a specific object, first use get() or search() to retrieve the specific object, and then submit this object for removal.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get the objects with the same name
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
   object => "Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress",
   name   => "1.2.3.4.rpz.com",
   view   => "default");
 #Find the desired object from the retrieved list
 my $desired_cname = $retrieved_objs[0];
 #Submit for removal
 my $response = $session->remove( $desired_cname );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to search for a specific DNS RPZ CNAME object.

  name    - Optional. A host name in string format (regular expression).
  view    - Optional. The DNS view in which the RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record is located. By default, all DNS views are searched. But if you omit this attribute and specify a zone, the appliance searches the 'default' view only.
  zone    - Optional. A zone name in FQDN format.
  canonical - Optional. A canonical name.
  comment - Optional. A comment in string format (regular expression).
  extattrs     - Optional. A hash reference containing extensible attributes.
  extensible_attributes - Optional. A hash reference containing extensible attributes.

For more information about searching extensible attributes, see L<Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDefE<sol>Searching Extensible Attributes|Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef/Searching Extensible Attributes>.

=item B<Example>

 # search for all DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress records in zone "rpz.com" of the default view
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object  => "Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress",
     name    => 'rpz\.com',
     view    => "default",
     comment => "this is a modified comment" );

 # search for all DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress records in zone "rpz.com" of default view
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object => "Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress",
     zone   => "rpz\.com",
     view   => "default" );

 # # search DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress passthru record of the default view
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object => "Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress",
     canonical => "rpz-passthru",
     view   => "default" );

 # search all DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress records with the extensible attribute 'Site'
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
    object => "Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress",
    extensible_attributes => { 'Site' => 'Santa Clara' });

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record.

=head2 canonical( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the canonical name.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid values are '*', '' and 'rpz-passthru'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get canonical
 my $canonical = $bind_cname_client_ip->canonical();
 #Modify canonical name
 $bind_cname_client_ip->canonical("rpz-passthru");

=back

=back

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the descriptive comment.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Desired comment in string format with a maximum of 256 bytes.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get comment
 my $comment = $bind_cname_client_ip->comment();
 #Modify comment
 $bind_cname_client_ip->comment("Modifying the DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record comment");

=back

=back

=head2 disable( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the disable flag of a DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

The default value for this field is false. The DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record is enabled.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the disable flag or "false" to deactivate/unset it.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get disable
 my $disable = $bind_cname_client_ip->disable();
 #Modify disable
 $bind_cname_client_ip->disable("true");

=back

=back

=head2 extattrs( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the extensible attributes associated with a DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record object.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is a hash reference containing the names of extensible attributes and their associated values ( L<Infoblox::Grid::Extattr|Infoblox::Grid::Extattr> objects ).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get extattrs
 my $ref_extattrs = $bind_cname_client_ip->extattrs();
 #Modify extattrs
 $bind_cname_client_ip->extattrs({ 'Site' => $extattr1, 'Administrator' => $extattr2 });

=back

=back

=head2 extensible_attributes( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the extensible attributes associated with a DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

For valid values for extensible attributes, see L<Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDefE<sol>Extensible Attribute Values|Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef/Extensible Attribute Values>.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get extensible attributes
 my $ref_extensible_attributes = $bind_cname_client_ip->extensible_attributes();
 #Modify extensible attributes
 $bind_cname_client_ip->extensible_attributes({ 'Site' => 'Santa Clara', 'Administrator' => [ 'Peter', 'Tom' ] });

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the host name.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

A name in FQDN (Fully Qualified Domain Name) format. The FQDN consists of the network address in CIDR notation or host IP address  followed by the domain name (example: 10.0.0.0/8.rpz.com, 1.2.3.4.rpz.com).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name
 my $name = $bind_cname_client_ip->name();
 #Modify name
 $bind_cname_client_ip->name("4.3.2.1.rpz.com");

=back

=back

=head2 ttl( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the Time to Live (TTL) value.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

The default value is undefined which indicates that the record inherits the TTL value of the zone.

Specify a TTL value to override the TTL value at the zone level.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

A 32-bit integer (range from 0 to 4294967295) that represents the duration, in seconds, that the record is cached. Zero indicates that the record should not be cached.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ttl
 my $ttl = $bind_cname_client_ip->ttl();
 #Modify ttl
 $bind_cname_client_ip->ttl(1800);
 #Un-override ttl
 $bind_cname_client_ip->ttl(undef);

=back

=back

=head2 views( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the view of the DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

The default value is the "default" view, which means the DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record is located in the default view.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

An array reference of defined L<Infoblox::DNS::View|Infoblox::DNS::View> objects.

Note that the array size must be 1.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get views
 my $ref_views = $bind_cname_client_ip->views();
 #Modify views, an array of Infoblox::DNS::View objects
 $bind_cname_client_ip->views([$view1]);

=back

=back

=head2  zone( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the zone name of a DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record. This method is read-only and cannot be set.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

Returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get zone
 my $zone = $bind_cname_client_ip->zone();

=back

=back

=head2  rp_zone( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the zone object of a DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

An L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get rp_zone
 my $rp_zone = $bind_cname_client_ip->rp_zone();
 #Modify rp_zone, reference of Infoblox::DNS::Zone object
 $bind_cname_client_ip->rp_zone($response_policy_zone);

=back

=back

=head2 is_ipv4( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve whether the record is an IPv4 record. This method is read-only and cannot be set.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

Use this method to retrieve whether the record is an IPv4 record. If the return value is "true", it is an IPv4 record. Ohterwise, it is an IPv6 record.

=item B<Example>

 #Get is_ipv4
 my $ip_ipv4 = $bind_cname_client_ip->is_ipv4();

=back

=back

=head1 SAMPLE CODE

The following sample code demonstrates the different functions that can be applied to an object, such as add, search, modify, and remove. This sample code also includes error handling for the operations.

B<#Preparation prior to a DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record insertion>

 #PROGRAM STARTS: Include all the modules that will be used
 use strict;
 use Infoblox;

 #Create a session to the Infoblox appliance
 my $session = Infoblox::Session->new(
     master   => "192.168.1.2",
     username => "admin",
     password => "infoblox"
 );

 unless($session){
         die("Constructor for session failed: ",
                Infoblox::status_code(). ":" . Infoblox::status_detail());
 }
 print "Session created successfully.\n";

 #Create the zone prior to a CNAMEClientIpAddress record insertion
 my $zone = Infoblox::DNS::Zone->new(name => "rpz.com",
                                     rpz_policy => "GIVEN");
 unless ($zone) {
 die("Construct zone failed: ",
     Infoblox::status_code() . ":" . Infoblox::status_detail());
 }
 print "Zone object created successfully\n";

 #Verify if the zone exists
 my $object = $session->get(object => "Infoblox::DNS::Zone", name => "rpz.com");     
 unless ($object) {
 print "Zone does not exist on server, safe to add the zone\n";
 $session->add($zone)
    or die("Add zone failed: ",
           $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }
 print "Zone added successfully\n";
 if (defined($self)){
     unshift @{$self->{cleanup_objs}}, $zone;
 }

 #B<#Create a DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record>
 
 my $view1 = Infoblox::DNS::View->new(
  name      => "default" );
 
 #Construct a DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress object
 my $client_ip_address = Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress->new(
  name      => "10.6.0.0/16.rpz.com",
  canonical => "rpz-passthru",
  comment   => "this is a demo client IP Address record",
  ttl       => "33",
  views     => [$view1],
  rp_zone   => $zone);
 unless ($client_ip_address) {
 die("Construct DNS record CNAME failed: ",
     Infoblox::status_code() . ":" . Infoblox::status_detail());
 }
 print "DNS RPZ CNAME object created successfully\n";

 #Add the DNS RPZ CNAME record object to the Infoblox appliance through a session
 $session->add($client_ip_address)
  or die("Add record cname failed: ",
         $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 print "DNS RPZ CNAME object added to server successfully\n";

 #B<#Search for a specific DNS RPZ CNAME record>

 #Search all CNAME records that match "rpz.com"
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
  object => "Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress",
  name   => 'rpz\.com'
 );
 my $object = $retrieved_objs[0];
 unless ($object) {
  die("Search record CNAMEClientIpAddress failed: ",
      $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }
 print "Search DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress object found at least 1 matching entry\n";

 #Search all CNAMEClientIpAddress records that start with "bind" and end with ".rpz.com"
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
  object => "Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress",
  name   => '^10\.6.*\.rpz\.com'
 );
 my $object = $retrieved_objs[0];
 unless ($object) {
  die("Search record CNAMEClientIpAddress failed: ",
      $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }
 print "Search DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress object using regexp found at least 1 matching entry\n";

 #B<#Get and modify a DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record>

 #Get CNAMEClientIpAddress record through the session
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
  object => "Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress",
  name   => "10.6.0.0/16.rpz.com",
  view   => "default"
 );
 my $object = $retrieved_objs[0];
 unless ($object) {
  die("Get record CNAMEClientIpAddress failed: ",
      $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }
 print "Get DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress object found at least 1 matching entry\n";

 #Modify one of the attributes of the specified CNAMEClientIpAddress record
 $object->disable("true");

 #Apply the changes
 $session->modify($object)
  or die("Modify record CNAMEClientIpAddress failed: ",
         $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 print "DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress object modified successfully \n";

 #B<#Remove a DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress record>

 #Get CNAMEClientIpAddress record through the session
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
  object => "Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME::ClientIpAddress",
  name   => "10.6.0.0/16.rpz.com",
  view   => "default"
 );
 $object = $retrieved_objs[0];
 unless ($object) {
  die("Get record CNAMEClientIpAddress failed: ",
      $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }
 print "Get DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress object found at least 1 matching entry\n";

 #Submit the object for removal
 $session->remove( $object )
 or die("Remove record CNAMEClientIpAddress failed: ",
      $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 print "DNS RPZ CNAMEClientIpAddress object removed successfully \n";

 return 1;

####PROGRAM ENDS####

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DNS::View|Infoblox::DNS::View>, L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone>, L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get(/)>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
