=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DTC::AllRecords - A synthetic object used to return all DTC record object types belonging to a DTC server.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

By searching on this object, all the DTC record objects associated with a specific DTC server can be retrieved.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to a DTC AllRecords object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for record objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to search for a DTC AllRecords object:

  dtc_server - Required. A DTC Server object.
  type       - Optional. The type of record to search for. By default, all record types are searched. Following is the list of valid values for this search field:

      'All Records',
      'All DTC A Records'
      'All DTC AAAA Records'
      'All DTC CNAME Records'
      'All DTC NAPTR Records'

=item B<Example>

 # search for all DTC records associated with DTC Server 'server-1'

 my $dtc_server = Infoblox::DTC::Server->new(
     name => 'server-1',
     host => '10.0.0.1',
 );

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object     => "Infoblox::DTC::AllRecords",
     dtc_server => $dtc_server,
 );

 # search for all DTC NAPTR records that are associated with DTC Server 'server-1'

 my $dtc_server = Infoblox::DTC::Server->new(
     name => 'server-1',
     host => '10.0.0.1',
 );

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object     => "Infoblox::DTC::AllRecords",
     type       => 'All DTC NAPTR Records',
     dtc_server => $dtc_server,
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to retrieve the attribute values of a DTC AllRecords object. All methods are read-only and cannot be set.

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the descriptive comment of the record associated with the DTC AllRecords object.

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get comment
 my $comment = $alldtcrecord->comment();

=back

=back

=head2 disable( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the disable flag of the record associated with the DTC AllRecords object (if present).

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get disable
 my $disable = $alldtcrecord->disable();

=back

=back

=head2 dtc_server( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the DTC Server with which the DTC record is associated.

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns an L<Infoblox::DTC::Server|Infoblox::DTC::Server> partial object.

=item B<Example>

 #Get dtc_server
 my $dtc_server = $alldtcrecord->dtc_server();

=back

=back

=head2 record( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the record object associated with the DTC AllRecords object.

This object is considered a 'partial' object. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>fill_partial_object()|Infoblox::Session/fill_partial_object()/> for more information on how
it can be converted to a 'full' API object.

If the DTC AllRecords object refers to a record that is not currently supported in the Perl API, the member value will be undefined.

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get record
 my $record = $alldtcrecord->record();

=back

=back

=head2 ttl( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the TTL value of the record associated with the DTC AllRecords object (if present).

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ttl
 my $ttl = $alldtcrecord->ttl();

=back

=back

=head2 type( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the type of the record associated with the AllRecords object. This is a descriptive string
that identifies the record to which this DTC AllRecords object refers. (For example, 'DTC NAPTR record', ...) 

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get type
 my $type = $alldtcrecord->type();

=back

=back

=head1 SAMPLE CODE

For examples see L<Infoblox::DNS::AllRecords|Infoblox::DNS::AllRecords> SAMPLE CODE section.

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, 
L<Infoblox::DTC::Server|Infoblox::DTC::Server>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Record::NAPTR|Infoblox::DTC::Record::NAPTR>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Record::A|Infoblox::DTC::Record::A>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Record::AAAA|Infoblox::DTC::Record::AAAA>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Record::CNAME|Infoblox::DTC::Record::CNAME>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
