=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DTC::Certificate - a DTC Certificate object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A DTC Certificate object.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in a Session module that you can apply to a DTC Certificate object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

   distinguished_name - Optional. A X509Certificate Distinguished name (DN).
   issuer             - Optional. A X509Certificate issuer.
   serial             - Optional. A X509Certificate serial number.
   valid_not_after    - Optional. A X509Certificate expiry date.
   valid_not_before   - Optional. A X509Certificate validity start date.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::DTC::Certificate',
     serial => 'd80b0e8c47df5082',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

   distinguished_name - Optional. A X509Certificate Distinguished name (DN).
   issuer             - Optional. A X509Certificate issuer.
   serial             - Optional. A X509Certificate serial number.
   valid_not_after    - Optional. A X509Certificate expiry date.
   valid_not_before   - Optional. A X509Certificate validity start date.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object => 'Infoblox::DTC::Certificate',
     serial => 'd80b0e8c47df5082',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 MODULE METHODS

=head2 Infoblox::DTC->add_certificate( )

=over

Use this method to upload a DTC certificate.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to upload a DTC certificate:

    path - Required. The path to the file that contains the DTC certificate.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns 'true' when the upload of a MaxMind Database has been performed successfully, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #add certificate with a path given
 my $res = $dtc->add_certificate(path => $path_to_cert);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 certificate( )

=over


Use this method to retrieve an X509Certificate object. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is an L<Infoblox::Grid::X509Certificate|Infoblox::Grid::X509Certificate> object.

=item B<Example>

 #get certificate value
 my $certificate = $dtc_certificate->certificate();

=back

=back

=head2 in_use( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the certificate status. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get in_use value
 my $in_use = $dtc_certificate->in_use();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, L<Infoblox::DTC-E<gt>add_certificate()|Infoblox::DTC/add_certificate()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
