=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DTC::Health - A DTC health information object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The DTC health object provides information about the health status for a specified object.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods. It is retrieved as a part of the following objects: L<Infoblox::DTC::Pool|Infoblox::DTC::Pool>, L<Infoblox::DTC::Server|Infoblox::DTC::Server>, L<Infoblox::DTC::LBDN|Infoblox::DTC::LBDN>.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 availability( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the color status for availability. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return values are 'NONE', 'GREEN', 'YELLOW', 'RED', 'BLUE' and 'GRAY'.

=item B<Example>

 #get availability value
 my $availability = $health->availability();

=back

=back

=head2 description( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the textual description of the object's status. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get description value
 my $description = $health->description();

=back

=back

=head2 enabled_state( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the enabled state of the object. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return values are 'NONE', 'ENABLED', 'DISABLED' and 'DISABLED_BY_PARENT'.

=item B<Example>

 #get enabled_state value
 my $enabled_state = $health->enabled_state();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DTC::Pool|Infoblox::DTC::Pool>, L<Infoblox::DTC::Server|Infoblox::DTC::Server>, L<Infoblox::DTC::LBDN|Infoblox::DTC::LBDN>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
