=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DTC::Monitor - A DTC Health Monitor object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A DTC Health Monitor object.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in a Session module that you can apply to a DTC Health Monitor object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

   comment - Optional. A DTC Health Monitor comment.
   name    - Optional. A DTC Health Monitor name.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::DTC::Monitor',
     name   => 'tcp_monitor',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

   comment - Optional. A DTC Health Monitor comment.
   name    - Required. A DTC Health Monitor name.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object => 'Infoblox::DTC::Monitor',
     name   => '.*_monitor',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve a comment. This is a read-only attribute.

=over 

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get comment value
 my $comment = $monitor->comment();

=back

=back

=head2 interval( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the interval value for the request being sent. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is an unsigned integer.

=item B<Example>

 #get interval value
 my $interval = $monitor->interval();

=back

=back

=head2 monitor( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve an exact DTC Health Monitor object. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value can be one of the following objects: L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::TCP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::TCP>, L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::ICMP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::ICMP>, L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SIP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SIP>, L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::HTTP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::HTTP>, L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::PDP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::PDP>, L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP>.

=item B<Example>

 #get monitor value
 my $monitor = $monitor->monitor();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve an object name. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get name value
 my $name = $monitor->name();

=back

=back

=head2 port( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve a DTC Health Monitor port value. This is a read-only attribute.

Note that port value for the ICMP Health Monitor is 0.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is an unsigned integer between 0 and 65535.

=item B<Example>

 #get port value
 my $port = $monitor->port();

=back

=back

=head2 retry_up( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the number of times the server appears online after it was offline so it is treated as alive. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is an unsigned integer.

=item B<Example>

 #get retry_up value
 my $retry_up = $monitor->retry_up();

=back

=back

=head2 retry_down( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the number of times the server appears online after it was offline so it is treated as alive. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is an unsigned integer.

=item B<Example>

 #get retry_down value
 my $retry_down = $monitor->retry_down();

=back

=back

=head2 timeout( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the value of a request timeout. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is an unsigned integer.

=item B<Example>

 #get timeout value
 my $timeout = $monitor->timeout();

=back

=back

=head2 type( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the transport type. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is 'HTTP', 'HTTPS', 'SIP', 'PDP', 'SNMP', 'TCP' or 'ICMP'.

=item B<Example>

 #get type value
 my $type = $monitor->type();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, 
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::TCP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::TCP>, 
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::ICMP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::ICMP>, 
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SIP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SIP>, 
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::HTTP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::HTTP>, 
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::PDP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::PDP>, 
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
