=head1 NAME

Infoblox::CiscoISE::EAAssociation - A Cisco ISE extensible attributes association.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Cisco ISE extensible attribute association provides information on NIOS extensible attributes mapping on Cisco ISE attributes.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $ea_assoc = Infoblox::CiscoISE::EAAssociation->new(
     name      => 'ACCOUNT_SESSION_ID' | 'AUDIT_SESSION_ID' |
                  'EPS_STATUS' | 'IP_ADDRESS' | 'MAC' | 'NAS_IP_ADDRESS' | 'NAS_PORT_ID' |
                  'POSTURE_STATUS' | 'POSTURE_TIMESTAMP',                                   #Required
     mapped_ea => $string,                                                                  #Required

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not have any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

This section describes all the functions that you can apply to Cisco ISE extensible attributes association object.

=head2 Infoblox::CiscoISE::SubscribeSetting->mapped_ea_attributes( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of extensible attribute associations that are mapped to Cisco ISE attributes.
See L<Infoblox::CiscoISE::SubscribeSetting-E<gt>mapped_ea_attributes()|Infoblox::CiscoISE::SubscribeSetting/mapped_ea_attributes()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get mapped_ea_attributes value
 my $mapped_ea_attributes = $object->mapped_ea_attributes();

 #Modify mapped_ea_attributes value
 $object->mapped_ea_attributes([$ea_assoc1, $ea_assoc2]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a Cisco ISE extensible attribute association object.

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the Cisco ISE attribute name.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid values are 'ACCOUNT_SESSION_ID', 'AUDIT_SESSION_ID', 'EPS_STATUS', 'IP_ADDRESS', 'MAC', 'NAS_IP_ADDRESS', 'NAS_PORT_ID', 'POSTURE_STATUS' and 'POSTURE_TIMESTAMP',

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name value
 my $name = $object->name();

 #Modify name value
 $object->name('EPS_STATUS');

=back

=back

=head2 mapped_ea( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the NIOS extensible attribute definition name.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired extensible attribute definition name in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get mapped_ea value
 my $mapped_ea = $object->mapped_ea();

 #Modify mapped_ea value
 $object->mapped_ea('nios_ead');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::CiscoISE::SubscribeSetting|Infoblox::CiscoISE::SubscribeSetting>,
L<Infoblox::CiscoISE::SubscribeSetting-E<gt>mapped_ea_attributes()|Infoblox::CiscoISE::SubscribeSetting/mapped_ea_attributes()/>,

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
