=head1 NAME

Infoblox::CiscoISE::PublishSetting - A Cisco ISE publish settings.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Cisco ISE publish setting contains a list of extensible attributes that are enabled for publishing to a Cisco ISE server.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $publish_setting = Infoblox::CiscoISE::PublishSetting->new(
     enabled_attributes => ['CLIENT_ID' | 'FINGERPRINT' | 'HOSTNAME' | 'IPADDRESS' |
                           'INFOBLOX_MEMBER' | 'LEASE_STATE' | 'LEASE_START_TIME' |
                           'LEASE_END_TIME' | 'MAC_OR_DUID' | 'NETBIOS_NAME', ...],
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not have any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

This section describes all the functions that you can apply to Cisco ISE publish settings object.

=head2 Infoblox::CiscoISE::Endpoint->publish_settings( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the Cisco ISE endpoint publish settings.
See L<Infoblox::CiscoISE::Endpoint-E<gt>publish_settings()|Infoblox::CiscoISE::Endpoint/publish_settings()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get publish_settings value
 my $publish_settings = $object->publish_settings();

 #Modify publish_settings value
 $object->publish_settings($publish_settings);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Notification::Rule->publish_settings( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the notification rule publish settings.
See L<Infoblox::Notification::Rule-E<gt>publish_settings()|Infoblox::Notification::Rule/publish_settings()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get publish_settings value
 my $publish_settings = $object->publish_settings();

 #Modify publish_settings value
 $object->publish_settings($publish_settings);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a Cisco ISE publish settings.

=head2 enabled_attributes( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of extensible attributes that are enabled for publishing to a Cisco ISE server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array that contains following values: 'CLIENT_ID', 'FINGERPRINT', 'HOSTNAME', 'IPADDRESS', 'INFOBLOX_MEMBER', 'LEASE_STATE', 'LEASE_START_TIME', 'LEASE_END_TIME', 'MAC_OR_DUID', 'NETBIOS_NAME'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enabled_attributes value
 my $enabled_attributes = $object->enabled_attributes();

 #Modify enabled_attributes value
 $object->enabled_attributes(['CLIENT_ID', 'IPADDRESS']);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::CiscoISE::Endpoint|Infoblox::CiscoISE::Endpoint>,
L<Infoblox::CiscoISE::Endpoint-E<gt>publish_settings()|Infoblox::CiscoISE::Endpoint/publish_settings()/>,
L<Infoblox::Notification::Rule|Infoblox::Notification::Rule>,
L<Infoblox::Notification::Rule-E<gt>publish_settings()|Infoblox::Notification::Rule/publish_settings()/>,

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
