=head1 NAME

Infoblox::CiscoISE::PublishSetting - A Cisco ISE subscribe settings.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Cisco ISE subscribe setting contains list of extensible attributes that are enabled for subscription from Cisco ISE server.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $subscribe_setting = Infoblox::CiscoISE::PublishSetting->new(
     enabled_attributes   => ['DOMAINNAME' | 'ENDPOINT_PROFILE' | 'SECURITY_GROUP' | 'SESSION_STATE' | 'SSID' | 'USERNAME' | 'VLAN', ...], #Required
     mapped_ea_attributes => [$ea_assoc1, $ea_assoc2, ...],                                                                                #Optional / Default is undefined
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not have any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

This section describes all the functions that you can apply to Cisco ISE subscribe settings object.

=head2 Infoblox::CiscoISE::Endpoint->subscribe_settings( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the Cisco ISE endpoint subscribe settings.
See L<Infoblox::CiscoISE::Endpoint-E<gt>subscribe_settings()|Infoblox::CiscoISE::Endpoint/subscribe_settings()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get subscribe_settings value
 my $subscribe_settings = $object->subscribe_settings();

 #Modify subscribe_settings value
 $object->subscribe_settings($subscribe_settings);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a Cisco ISE subscribe settings.

=head2 enabled_attributes( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of attributes that are enabled for subscription from the Cisco ISE server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array that contains following values: 'DOMAINNAME', 'ENDPOINT_PROFILE', 'SECURITY_GROUP', 'SESSION_STATE', 'SSID', 'USERNAME', 'VLAN'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enabled_attributes value
 my $enabled_attributes = $object->enabled_attributes();

 #Modify enabled_attributes value
 $object->enabled_attributes(['DOMAINNAME', 'SECURITY_GROUP']);

=back

=back

=head2 mapped_ea_attributes( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of extensible attribute associations that are mapped to Cisco ISE attributes.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array of L<Infoblox::CiscoISE::EAAssociation|Infoblox::CiscoISE::EAAssociation> objects.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get mapped_ea_attributes value
 my $mapped_ea_attributes = $object->mapped_ea_attributes();

 #Modify mapped_ea_attributes value
 $object->mapped_ea_attributes([$ea_assoc1, $ea_assoc2]);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::CiscoISE::Endpoint|Infoblox::CiscoISE::Endpoint>,
L<Infoblox::CiscoISE::Endpoint-E<gt>subscribe_settings()|Infoblox::CiscoISE::Endpoint/subscribe_settings()/>,
L<Infoblox::CiscoISE::EAAssociation|Infoblox::CiscoISE::EAAssociation>, 

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
