=head1 NAME

Infoblox::OCSP::Responder - an OCSP authentication responder.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

An Infoblox::OCSP::Responder object represents an OCSP authentication responder.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $responder = Infoblox::OCSP::Responder->new(
      address      => $string,               # Required
      certificate  => $string,               # Required
      port         => $uint,                 # Optional / Default value is 80
      comment      => $string,               # Optional
      disabled     => "true" | "false",      # Optional / Default value is "false"
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions can be applied to an OCSP authentication responder object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Admin::CertificateAuthService->ocsp_responders( )

=over

Use this function to add or retrieve the OCSP authentication responder object in the Certificate Authentication Service object.
See L<Infoblox::Grid::Admin::CertificateAuthService-E<gt>ocsp_responders()|Infoblox::Grid::Admin::CertificateAuthService/ocsp_responders()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get ocsp_responders
 my $responder_list = $auth_service->ocsp_responders();

 #Modify ocsp_responders
 my $responder1 = Infoblox::OCSP::Responder->new(
      fqdn_or_ip  => 'domain.com',
      certificate => '/tmp/cert1.pem',
 );

 my $responder2 = Infoblox::OCSP::Responder->new(
      fqdn_or_ip  => '192.168.1.10',
      certificate => '/tmp/cert2.pem',
 );

 $auth_service->ocsp_responders([$responder1, $responder2]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to configure and retrieve the attribute values of an Infoblox::OCSP::Responder object.

=head2 certificate( )

=over

Use this method to set the OCSP responder certificate. This attribute is write-only and cannot be retrieved.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

String with a reference to a file.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #Set certificate
 $responder->certificate('/tmp/cer.pem');

=back

=back

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a descriptive comment.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Desired comment in string format with a maximum of 256 bytes.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get comment
 my $comment = $responder->comment();

 #Modify comment
 $responder->comment("Modified comment");

=back

=back

=head2 disabled( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the disabled flag for the OCSP authentication responder.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to disable the OCSP authentication respondert or "false" to enable it. Default value is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value as "true" or "false".

=item B<Example>

 #Get disabled flag
 my $disabled = $responder->disabled();

 #Modify disabled flag
 $responder->disabled("true");

=back

=back

=head2 address( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the IP address or the domain name for the OCSP authentication responder.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

String with the IP address or the domain name for the OCSP authentication responder.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get address
 my $address = $responder->address();

 #Modify address
 $responder->address("192.168.1.2");

=back

=back

=head2 port( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the TCP Port on which the OCSP client communicates with the OCSP responder.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

An unsigned integer. Default value is 80.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get port
 my $port = $responder->port();

 #Modify port
 $responder->port(90);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Admin::CertificateAuthService|Infoblox::Grid::Admin::CertificateAuthService>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
