=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::ConversionAttributes - conversion attributes.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object represents the list of attributes for discovery data conversion.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 configure_for_dhcp()

=over

Use this method to set the configure_for_dhcp flag of a DHCP Host Address object.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the configure_for_dhcp flag or "false" to deactivate/unset it. The default value is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Set value
 my $value = $conversion_attributes->configure_for_dhcp('true');

=back

=back

=head2 configure_for_dns()

=over

Use this method to set the configure_for_dns flag of a DNS host.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the configure_for_dns flag or "false" to deactivate/unset it. The default value is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Set value
 my $value = $conversion_attributes->configure_for_dns('true');

=back

=back

=head2 disabled()

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the flag that indicates whether the target object should be disabled or not.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the disable flag or "false" to deactivate/unset it. The default value is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Set value
 my $value = $conversion_attributes->disable('true');

=back

=back

=head2 comment()

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a descriptive comment.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Desired comment in string format with a maximum of 256 bytes. The default value is undefined.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Set value
 my $value = $conversion_attributes->comment('test comment');

=back

=back

=head2 zone()

=over

Use this method to set the authoritative zone for DNS record.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 my $zone = $discovery->get('object' => 'Infoblox::DNS::Zone', 'name' => 'papi.com');
 #Set value
 my $value = $conversion_attributes->zone($zone);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery>, L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
