=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceComponent

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about the device component.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific object:

    device      - Optional. The device object.
    description - Optional. The component description.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     'object'      => 'Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceComponent',
     'description' => 'simple',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to search for an object:

    device      - Optional. The device object.
    description - Optional. The component description (regular expression).

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     'object'      => 'Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceComponent',
     'description' => '^simple',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 class( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the general hardware type of the componenet. This attribute is read-only.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->class();

=back

=back

=head2 component_name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the component name. This attribute is read-only.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->component_name();

=back

=back

=head2 description( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the component description. This attribute is read-only.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->description();

=back

=back

=head2 model( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the model name. This attribute is read-only.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->model();

=back

=back

=head2 device( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the device object. This attribute is read-only.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns an L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Device|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Device> object.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->device();

=back

=back

=head2 serial( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the component serial number. This attribute is read-only.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->serial();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Device|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Device>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
