=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceDataCollectionStatus - the device data collection status.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about the device data collection status. This is a read-only object.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

This section describes all the functions that you can apply to a Device Data Collection Status object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfoResponse->device_data_collection_status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Device data collection statuses. See L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfoResponse-E<gt>device_data_collection_status()|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfoResponse/device_data_collection_status()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get value
 my $device_data_collection_status = $device_support_info_response->device_data_collection_status();

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to retrieve the attribute values of a device data collection status.

=head2 data_source()

=over

Use this method to retrieve the source from which device support information is collected. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get value
 my $data_source = $device_data_collection_status->data_source();

=back

=back

=head2 end_time()

=over

Use this method to retrieve the time when the most recent collection from the data sources was completed. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value. The number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1st, 1970 UTC.

=item B<Example>

 #Get value
 my $end_time = $device_data_collection_status->end_time();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfoResponse|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfoResponse>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfo|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfo>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
