=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfo - the device support info.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about the device support info. This is a read-only object.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

This section describes all the functions that you can apply to a Device Support Info object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfoResponse->device_support_info( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Device support infos. See L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfoResponse-E<gt>device_support_info()|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfoResponse/device_support_info()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get value
 my $device_support_info = $device_support_info_response->device_support_info();

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to retrieve the attribute values of a device support info.

=head2 available()

=over

Use this method to determine whether the function is available for the device or not. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get value
 my $available = $device_support_info->available();

=back

=back

=head2 function()

=over

Use this method to retrieve the function of the device. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get value
 my $function = $device_support_info->function();

=back

=back

=head2 supported()

=over

Use this method to determine whether the function is supported by the device or not. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get value
 my $supported = $device_support_info->supported();

=back

=back

=head2 value()

=over

Use this method to retrieve the discovery member indicator knowing that a given device supports the given type of data collection. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get value
 my $value = $device_support_info->value();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfoResponse|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfoResponse>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceDataCollectionStatus|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceDataCollectionStatus>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
