=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfoResponse - the device support info response.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object is created as a result of L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery-E<gt>get_device_support_info()|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery/get_device_support_info()/> function call and cannot be added or removed manually.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to retrieve the attribute values of a device support info response.

=head2 device_data_collection_status()

=over

Use this method to retrieve the list of Discovery device data collection statuses. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, that is an array of L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceDataCollectionStatus|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceDataCollectionStatus> objects.

=item B<Example>

 #Get value
 my $device_data_collection_status = $device_support_info_response->device_data_collection_status();

=back

=back

=head2 device_support_info()

=over

Use this method to retrieve the list of Discovery device support infos. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, that is an array of L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfo|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfo> objects.

=item B<Example>

 #Get value
 my $device_support_info = $device_support_info_response->device_support_info();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceDataCollectionStatus|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceDataCollectionStatus>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfo|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceSupportInfo>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
