=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DiagnosticsStatus - The discovery diagnostic status.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about the discovery diagnostic status.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in Infoblox::Session that you can apply to the object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->discovery_diagnostics_status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the discovery diagnostic status.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific object:

   id     - Required. The discovery diagnostic status ID.
   start  - Optional. The start position of the text.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns an Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DiagnosticsStatus object when the operation succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 my $id = $session->discovery_diagnostics('address' => '10.0.0.1');
 my $object = $session->discovery_diagnostics_status('id' => $id);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 end( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the end position of text. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->end();

=back

=back

=head2 id( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the discovery diagnostic status ID. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->id();

=back

=back

=head2 start( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the start position of the text. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->start();

=back

=back

=head2 status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the status. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value that can be 'COMPLETED', 'FAILED' or 'INPROGRESS'.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->status();

=back

=back

=head2 text( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the text. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->text();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
