=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DiscoveryDataConversionResult - discovery data conversion result.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object represents the result of the discovery data conversion. This is a read-only object.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 object()

=over

Use this method to retrieve the reference to the converted object.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get value
 my $object = $conversion_result->object();

=back

=back

=head2 address()

=over

Use this method to retrieve the reference to the L<Infoblox::IPAM::Address|Infoblox::IPAM::Address> object that has been converted.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get value
 my $address = $conversion_result->address();

=back

=back

=head2 status()

=over

Use this method to retrieve the status of the conversion operation.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get value
 my $status = $conversion_result->status();

=back

=back

=head2 message()

=over

Use this method to retrieve the detailed status of the conversion operation. This could contain either the error or success message.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get value
 my $message = $conversion_result->message();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery>, L<Infoblox::IPAM::Address|Infoblox::IPAM::Address>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
