=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DSBundle - the device support bundle.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about the device support bundle.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in Infoblox::Session that you can apply to the object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific object:

  name  - Optional. The name of the device support bundle.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     'object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DSBundle',
     'name'   => 'dsb',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to search for an object:

  name  - Optional. The name of the device support bundle (regular expression).

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     'object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DSBundle',
     'name'   => 'dsb',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 author( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the author of the device support bundle. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->author();

=back

=back

=head2 integrated_ind( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve information about the integrated DSB type. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns "true" if DSB is integrated, "false" if DSB is imported.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->integrated_ind();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the name of the device support bundle. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->name();

=back

=back

=head2 version( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the version of the device support bundle. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->version();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
