=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Discovery::NetworkDeprovisionInfo - Network deprovision information.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about network deprovision.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $object = Infoblox::Discovery::NetworkDeprovisionInfo->new(
    'interface'         => $interface,      # Required
    'network'           => $network,        # Required
    'network_view'      => $address/cidr,   # Optional, default value is the default network view
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 interface( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the interface object.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is an L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceInterface|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceInterface> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get interface value
 $value = $deprovision_info->interface();

 #Set interface value
 $deprovision_info->interface($interface);

=back

=back

=head2 network( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the network address.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is a string representing the address and netmask of the network in CIDR format (example: 10.0.0.0/8).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get attribute value
 my $value = $deprovision_info->network();

 #Set attribute value
 $deprovision_info->network("10.0.0.0/8");

=back

=back

=head2 network_view( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the network view name.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is a string representing network view name.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get attribute value
 my $value = $deprovision_info->network_view();

 #Set attribute value
 $deprovision_info->network_view($view);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
