=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Port - the discovery port structure.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about the discovery port.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $object = Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Port->new(
    'comment' => $string,           # Optional
    'port'    => $uint,             # Required
    'type'    => 'TCP' | 'UDP',     # Required
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the comment.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The comment in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->comment();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->comment('comment');

=back

=back

=head2 port( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the port number.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The port number.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->port();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->port(56);

=back

=back

=head2 type( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the port type.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is 'TCP' or 'UDP'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->type();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->type('UDP');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
