=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::SeedRouter - The seed router structure.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about the seed router.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $object = Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::SeedRouter->new(
    'address'      => $ipaddr,       # Required
    'network_view' => $string,       # Optional
    'comment'      => $string,       # Optional
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 address( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the IP address of the seed router.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The IP address in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->address();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->address('10.0.0.1');

=back

=back

=head2 network_view( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the network view associated with the seed router.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The name of the network view

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->network_view();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->network_view('papi_network_view');

=back

=back

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the description of the seed router.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The description of the seed router in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->comment();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->comment('comment');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
