=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::SNMPCredential - SNMPv1 and SNMPv2 credential.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about SNMPv1 and SNMPv2 credential.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $object = Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::SNMPCredential->new(
    'comment'          => $string,    # Optional
    'community_string' => $string,    # Required
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the comment on SNMPv1 and SNMPv2 user.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The comment in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->comment();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->comment('comment');

=back

=back

=head2 community_string( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the public community string.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The public community string.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->community_string();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->community_string('string');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
