=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::StatusInfo - the discovery status information.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about the discovery status.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $object = Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::StatusInfo->new(
    'message'   => $string,                                 # Required
    'status'    => 'OK' | 'ERROR' | 'NON_REACHABLE',        # Required
    'timestamp' => $epoch,                                  # Required
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 message( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the detailed message.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The detailed message in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->message();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->message('text');

=back

=back

=head2 status( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the status of the device.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is 'OK', 'ERROR' or 'NON_REACHABLE'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->status();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->status('OK');

=back

=back

=head2 timestamp( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the timestamp when status was generated.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The date and time in the ISO 8601 extended format (e.g. 2008-10-21T10:56:33Z or 2008-10-21T10:56:33.001Z).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->timestamp();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->timestamp('2008-10-21T10:56:33Z');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
