=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::TestCredential

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about results of the test credential.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 end( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the end position of the returned text. This attribute is read-only.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->end();

=back

=back

=head2 id( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the test credential ID. This attribute is read-only.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->id();

=back

=back

=head2 status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the test credential status. This attribute is read-only.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value that can be 'COMPLETED', 'FAILED' or 'INPROGRESS'.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->status();

=back

=back

=head2 text( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the portion of the text from start (inclusive) to end (exclusive). This attribute is read-only.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->text();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Properties|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Properties>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
