=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::RPZ::ThreatDetails - RPZ ThreatDetails object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Use this object to fetch ThreatStop details via ThreatStop REST API.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods. It is retrieved as a response for L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get_rpz_threat_details()|Infoblox::Session/get_rpz_threat_details()>.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 active( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the rule status whether it is active or not. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get active
 my $active = $rpz_threat_details->active();

=back

=back

=head2 danger_level( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the value of a danger level. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get danger_level
 my $danger_level = $rpz_threat_details->danger_level();

=back

=back

=head2 description( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the description. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get description
 my $description = $rpz_threat_details->description();

=back

=back

=head2 first_identified( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the timestamp when the threat was first identified. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get first_identified
 my $first_identified = $rpz_threat_details->first_identified();

=back

=back

=head2 known( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the rule status whether it is known or not. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get known
 my $known = $rpz_threat_details->known();

=back

=back

=head2 last_seen( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the timestamp when the threat was last seen. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get last_seen
 my $last_seen = $rpz_threat_details->last_seen();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the threat name. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name
 my $name = $rpz_threat_details->name();

=back

=back

=head2 public_description( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the threat public description. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get public_description
 my $public_description = $rpz_threat_details->public_description();

=back

=back

=head2 short_description( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the threat short description. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get short_description
 my $short_description = $rpz_threat_details->short_description();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get_rpz_threat_details()|Infoblox::Session/get_rpz_threat_details()>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut