=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Port::Config::VlanInfo - VLAN information of port configuration.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about the port configuration VLAN.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 data_vlan_info( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve information about data VLAN. This attribute is read-only.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value that can be an L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::VLANInfo|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::VLANInfo> object.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->data_vlan_info();

=back

=back

=head2 task_details( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve task details of the port control. This attribute is read-only.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value that can be an L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Port::Control::TaskDetails|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Port::Control::TaskDetails> object.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->task_details();

=back

=back

=head2 voice_vlan_info( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve information about voice VLAN. This attribute is read-only.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value that can be an L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::VLANInfo|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::VLANInfo> object.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->voice_vlan_info();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Port::Control::TaskDetails|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Port::Control::TaskDetails>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceInterface|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::DeviceInterface>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::VLANInfo|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::VLANInfo>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut

