=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::Member - Member Analytics object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This object provides information about the member Threat Analytics settings.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::Member object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific Member Threat Analytics object.

    comment  - The Threat Analytics member comment.
    ipv4addr - The Threat Analytics member IPv4 address.
    ipv6addr - The Threat Analytics member IPv6 address.
    name     - The Threat Analytics member name.
    status   - The Threat Analytics member status.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     'object'      => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::Member',
     'name'        => 'host.com',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify an object in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 # Use this method to modify attributes of an member object.
 $member->enable_service('true');

 # Submit modification
 my $response = $session->modify($member);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to search for a Member Threat Analytics objects.

    comment  - The Threat Analytics member comment.
    ipv4addr - The Threat Analytics member IPv4 address.
    ipv6addr - The Threat Analytics member IPv6 address.
    name     - The Threat Analytics member name.
    status   - The Threat Analytics member status.


=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     'object'      => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::Member',
     'name'        => 'host.*',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This object provides information about the member Threat Analytics settings.

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the descriptive comment for the Threat Analytics member object. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get comment value
 my $comment = $analytics_member->comment();

=back

=back

=head2 enable_service( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the flag which indicates whether the Threat Analytics engine is enabled or disabled.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to enable Threat Analytics engine and 'false' to disable it. The default value is 'false'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable_service value
 my $enable_service = $analytics_member->enable_service();
 #Modify enable_service value
 $analytics_member->enable_service('true');

=back

=back

=head2 ipv4addr( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the IPv4 address of the Threat Analytics member object. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ipv4addr value
 my $ipv4addr = $analytics_member->ipv4addr();

=back

=back

=head2 ipv6addr( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the IPv6 address of the Threat Analytics member object. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ipv6addr value
 my $ipv6addr = $analytics_member->ipv6addr();

=back

=back

=head2 move_black_list_rpz_cnames_to_threat_analytics_whitelist( )

=over

Use this method to replace DNS RPZ CNAME records with appropriate Threat Analytics Whitelist objects.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array reference that contains L<Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME|Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME> objects.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns true when the operation succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #move cnames to analytics whitelist
 $analytics_member->move_black_list_rpz_cnames_to_threat_analytics_whitelist(@cnames);

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the name of the Threat Analytics member object. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name value
 my $name = $analytics_member->name();

=back

=back

=head2 status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the status of the Threat Analytics member object. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return values are 'FAILED', 'INACTIVE', 'UNKNOWN', 'WARNING' and 'WORKING'.

=item B<Example>

 #Get status value
 my $status = $analytics_member->status();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, L<Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME|Infoblox::DNS::RPZRecord::CNAME>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
