=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::ModuleSet - A Grid Threat Analytics moduleset object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Grid Threat Analytics moduleset represents an uploaded Apache Spark Module.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a Threat Analytics moduleset object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific Threat Analytics moduleset object.

  version - Optional. The Threat Analytics moduleset version.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     'object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::ModuleSet',
     'version' => '1.0',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific Threat Analytics moduleset object.

  version - Optional. The Threat Analytics moduleset version.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     'object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::ModuleSet',
     'version' => '1.*',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

=head2 version( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Threat Analytics moduleset version.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get version
 my $version = $object->version();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
