=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::WhiteList - a Grid Threat Analytics White List object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Grid Threat Analytics White List provides information about allowed FQDNs in the DNS tunneling detection feature.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $whitelist = Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::WhiteList->new(
    fqdn    => $fqdn,            # Required
    comment => $string,          # Optional / Default is undefined
    disable => 'true' | 'false', # Optional / Default is 'false'
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::WhiteList object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->add( )

=over

Use this method to add an object to the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Construct an object
 my $whitelist = Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::WhiteList->new(
    fqdn => 'test.com',
    comment => 'test comment',
    disable => 'true',
 );

 #Submit for addition
 my $response = $session->add( $whitelist );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::WhiteList object.
  fqdn    - Optional. The Grid Threat Analytics White List FQDN. 
  status  - Optional. The Grid Threat Analytics White List status.
  comment - Optional. The Grid Threat Analytics White List comment.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     'object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::WhiteList', 
     'fqdn'   => 'test.com',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify an object in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 # modify whitelist object
 $whitelist->comment('comment change');

 # Submit modification
 my $response = $session->modify( $whitelist );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->remove( )

=over

Use this method to remove an object from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/> for parameters and return values.

To remove a specific object, first use get() or search() to retrieve the specific object, and then submit this object for removal.

Note that 'SYSTEM' Grid Threat Analytics White Lists cannot be removed.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get the objects with the same name
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::WhiteList', 
     fqdn   => 'test.com');

 #Find the desired object from the retrieved list.
 my $desired_whitelist = $retrieved_objs[0];

 # Submit for removal
 my $response = $session->remove( $desired_whitelist );

=back

=back


=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to search for a specific Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::WhiteList object.
  fqdn    - Optional. The Grid Threat Analytics White List FQDN. 
  status  - Optional. The Grid Threat Analytics White List status.
  comment - Optional. The Grid Threat Analytics White List comment.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     'object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::WhiteList',
     'fqdn'   => 'test.*',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve Grid Threat Analytics White List comment.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is desired comment in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get comment
 my $comment = $whitelist->comment();

 #Modify comment
 $whitelist->comment('new comment');

=back

=back

=head2 disable( )

=over

Use this method to disable or enable Grid Threat Analytics White List.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to disable Grid Threat Analytics White List or 'false' to enable it. The default value is 'false'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Exmaple>

 #Get disable
 my $disable = $whitelist->disable();

 #Modify disable
 $whitelist->disable('true');

=back

=back

=head2 fqdn( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a fully-qualified domain name (FQDN) of the Grid Threat Analytics White List.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired FQDN in string format.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Exmaple>

 #Get fqdn
 my $fqdn = $whitelist->fqdn();

 #Modify fqdn
 $whitelist->fqdn('test2.com');

=back

=back

=head2 status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the status of Grid Threat Analytics White List. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is 'CUSTOM', 'BOTH' or 'SYSTEM'.

=item B<Example>

 #Get status
 my $status = $whitelist->status();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
