=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::BlacklistedCluster - A Data Collection blacklisted cluster object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Data Collection blacklisted cluster object is used to configure Data Collection cluster blacklist.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $blacklisted_cluster = Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::BlacklistedCluster->new(
     unique_id => $string, #Required
     comment   => $string, #Optional / Default is undefined
     name      => $string, #Optional / Default is undefined
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions are available to be applied to a Data Collection blacklisted cluster object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::Cluster->blacklisted_clusters( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of clusters which are prevented from activation.
See L<Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::Cluster-E<gt>blacklisted_clusters()|Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::Cluster/blacklisted_clusters()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get blacklisted_clusters value
 my $blacklisted_clusters = $object->blacklisted_clusters();

 #Modify blacklisted_clusters value
 $object->blacklisted_clusters([$cluster1, $cluster2]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a Data Collection blacklisted cluster object.

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the blacklisted cluster comment.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired cluster comment in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get comment value
 my $comment = $object->comment();

 #Modify comment value
 $object->comment('cluster1 comment');

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the blacklisted cluster name. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name value
 my $name = $object->name();

=back

=back

=head2 unique_id( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the blacklisted cluster unique hexadecimal identifier.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired cluster unique hexadecimal identifier in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get unique_id value
 my $unique_id = $object->unique_id();

 #Modify unique_id value
 $object->unique_id('ABCD');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::Cluster|Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::Cluster>, 
L<Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::Cluster-E<gt>blacklisted_clusters()|Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::Cluster/blacklisted_clusters()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
