=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::Cluster - A data collection cluster object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The data collection cluster object provides information and configuration for data collection feature.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in the Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to a data collection cluster object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

Apply the following attributes to get a specific data collection cluster object:

    comment   - Optional. The data collection cluster comment.
    name      - Optional. The data collection cluster name.
    unique_id - Optional. The data collection cluster unique hexadecimal identifier.

=item B<Example>

 #Get cluster with name 'cluster1'
 my $object = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::Cluster',
     name   => 'cluster1',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify an object in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Modify disable value
 $object->disable('true');

 #Submit modification
 my $response = $session->modify($object);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

Apply the following attributes to search for a data collection cluster object:

    comment   - Optional. The data collection cluster comment (regexp);
    name      - Optional. The data collection cluster name (regexp);
    unique_id - Optional. The data collection cluster unique hexadecimal identifier (regexp).

=item B<Example>

 #Search for cluster that matches /cluster.*/ pattern
 my @objects = $session->search(
     object => 'Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::Cluster',
     name   => 'cluster.*',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a data collection cluster object.

=head2 blacklisted_clusters( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of clusters that are prevented from activation.


Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array of L<Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::BlacklistedCluster|Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::BlacklistedCluster> objects.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get blacklisted_clusters value
 my $blacklisted_clusters = $object->blacklisted_clusters();

 #Modify blacklisted_clusters value
 $object->blacklisted_clusters([$cluster1, $cluster2]);

=back

=back

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the data collection cluster comment.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired comment in a string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get comment value
 my $comment = $object->comment();

 #Modify comment value
 $object->comment('cluster comment');

=back

=back

=head2 datacollector_vms( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the list of data collector virtual machines. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is an array of L<Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::IPInfo|Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::IPInfo> objects.

=item B<Example>

 #Get datacollector_vms value
 my $datacollector_vms = $object->datacollector_vms();

=back

=back

=head2 disable( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the flag that indicates whether the data collection cluster is enabled or disabled.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to enable the data collection cluster or 'false' to disable/deactivate it. The default value is 'false'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get disable value
 my $disable = $object->disable();

 #Modify disable value
 $object->disable('true');

=back

=back

=head2 enable_registration( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the flag that indicates whether the data collection cluster registration is enabled or disabled.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to enable the data collection cluster registration or 'false' to prevent it from registration. The default value is 'false'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable_registration value
 my $enable_registration = $object->enable_registration();

 #Modify enable_registration value
 $object->enable_registration('true');

=back

=back

=head2 last_activation_time( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the last activation time for the data collection cluster.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, the number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1st, 1970 UTC.

=item B<Example>

 #Get last_activation_time value
 my $last_activation_time = $object->last_activation_time();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the name of the data collection cluster. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name value
 my $name = $object->name();

=back

=back

=head2 registration_time( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the time the data collection cluster was registered. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, the number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1st, 1970 UTC.

=item B<Example>

 #Get registration_time value
 my $registration_time = $object->registration_time();

=back

=back

=head2 unique_id( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the unique identifier for the data collection cluster.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired hexadecimal identifier in a string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get unique_id value
 my $unique_id = $object->unique_id();

 #Modify unique_id value
 $object->unique_id('ABCD');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::BlacklistedCluster|Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::BlacklistedCluster>, 
L<Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::IPInfo|Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::IPInfo>, 

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
