=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::IPInfo - A data collection IP information object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Data Collection IP information object is used to configure the list of data collector virtual machines in the data collection cluster.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions are available to be applied to a data collection IP information object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::Cluster->datacollector_vms( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the list of data collector virtual machines. This is a read-only attribute.
See L<Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::Cluster-E<gt>datacollector_vms()|Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::Cluster/datacollector_vms()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get datacollector_vms value
 my $datacollector_vms = $object->datacollector_vms();

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to retrieve the attribute values of a data collection IP information.

Note that this is a read-only object.

=head2 ip_address( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the virtual machine IP address. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ip_address value
 my $ip_address = $object->ip_address();

=back

=back

=head2 nat_enabled( )

=over

Use this method or retrieve the flag that indicates whether the NAT translation of the virtual machine IP address is enabled or disabled. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable_nat value
 my $enable_nat = $object->enable_nat();

=back

=back

=head2 nat_group( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the virtual machine NAT group. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get nat_group value
 my $nat_group = $object->nat_group();

=back

=back

=head2 nat_ip( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the virtual machine external IP address. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get nat_ip value
 my $nat_ip = $object->nat_ip();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::Cluster|Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::Cluster>, 
L<Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::Cluster-E<gt>datacollector_vms()|Infoblox::Grid::DataCollection::Cluster/datacollector_vms()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
