=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Member::Discovery::ScanInterface - The scan interfaces structure.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about the scan interfaces.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $object = Infoblox::Grid::Member::Discovery::ScanInterface->new(
    'scan_interface_type' => (LAN1|LAN2|MGMT), # Required
    'network_view' => $string,        # Required
    'vlan_id' => $uint,               # Optional
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a Discovery Properties object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Member::DiscoveryProperties->scan_interfaces( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the scan interfaces configured for the Grid member discovery properties. See L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::DiscoveryProperties-E<gt>scan_interfaces()|Infoblox::Grid::Member::DiscoveryProperties/scan_interfaces()/> for parameters and return values. 

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get scan_interfaces value
 my $scan_interfaces = $discovery_properties->scan_interfaces();
 #Modify scan_interfaces
 $discovery_properties->scan_interfaces($scan_interfaces);

=back

=back

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 scan_interface_type( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the probing interface type associated with the discovery probe member.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The name of the probing interface (LAN1, LAN2, MGMT).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

The method returns the value of scan_interface_type attribute.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->scan_interface_type();
 # Modify attribute value
 my $result = $object->scan_interface_type('LAN1');

=back

=back

=head2 network_view( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the name of the network view associated with the interface.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The name of the network view associated with the interface.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

The method returns the name of the network view associated with the interface.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->network_view();
 # Modify attribute value
 my $result = $object->('papi_network_view');

=back

=back

=head2 vlan_id( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve information for the VLAN tag of the probing network. This method is allowed only for the LAN1 and LAN2 interfaces.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

VLAN tag of the probing network.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->vlan_id();
 # Modify attribute value
 $object->vlan_id(22);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
