=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Member::Discovery::VRF - Object represents the relation between network view and the virtual network membership.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This object is used to represents relation between network view and the virtual network membership. Object is read-only.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get()

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching virtual network objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

Apply the following attributes to get a specific virtual network objects:

  name                  - Optional. A name in string format.
  description           - Optional. A description in string format.
  route_distinguisher   - Optional. Route distinguisher associated with the VRF in sting format.
  network_view          - Optional. Name of the network view associated with the VRF in sting format.

=item B<Returns>

Returns Virtual network membership object.

=item B<Example>

  #Get VRF object with the name 'VRF1'
  my $vrf_obj = $session->get(
      object  => "Infoblox::Grid::Member::Discovery::VRF" ,
      name    => 'VRF1'
  );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search()

=over

Use this method to search for a virtual network objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to search for a virtual network object:

  name                  - Optional. A name in string format (regular expression).
  description           - Optional. A description in string format (regular expression).
  route_distinguisher   - Optional. Route distinguisher associated with the VRF in sting format.
  network_view          - Optional. Name of the network view associated with the VRF in sting format.

=item B<Returns>

Returns Virtual network membership object(s).

=item B<Example>

  # Get all VRFs
  my @all_vrfs = $session->search(
  	object => 'Infoblox::Grid::Member::Discovery::VRF',
  	name => '^.*$'
  );
  
  # Get vrf by Route distinguisher
  my $vrf = $session->search(
  	object => 'Infoblox::Grid::Member::Discovery::VRF',
  	route_distinguisher => '123:500'
  );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to retrieve values from VRF object.

=head2 name()

=over

Use this method to retrieve name associated with the VRF. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  #Get VRF name
  my $vrf_name = $vrf->name();

=back

=back

=head2 network_view()

=over

Use this method to retrieve name of network view associated with the VRF. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The returned string contains name network view. This is a read-only attribute.

=item B<Example>

  #Get VRF network view name
  my $vrf_nv = $vrf->network_view();

=back

=back

=head2 route_distinguisher()

=over

Use this method to retrieve route distinguisher associated with the VRF. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  #Get VRF route distinguisher
  my $vrf_rd = $vrf->route_distinguisher();

=back

=back

=head2 description()

=over

Use this method to retrieve description associated with the VRF. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  #Get VRF description
  my $vrf_desc = $vrf->description();

=back

=back

=head2 device()

=over

Use this method to retrieve Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Device object from which this VRF membership configuration was collected. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is an L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Device|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Device> partial object.

=item B<Example>

  #Get VRF device
  my $vrf_device = $vrf->device();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Device|Infoblox::Grid::Discovery::Device>
L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
