=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DTC::Topology::Label - A DTC Topology label object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A DTC Topology label object, which represents a label in a MaxMind database.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in a Session module that you can apply to a Topology label object

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

   field - Optional. The field in the MaxMind database the label was obtained from.
   label - Optional. The label value.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::DTC::Topology::Label',
     field  => 'COUNTRY',
     label  => 'United States',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

   field - Optional. The field in the MaxMind database from which the label was obtained.
   label - Optional. The label value.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object => 'Infoblox::DTC::Topology::Label',
     field  => 'COUNTRY',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 field( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the name of the field in the MaxMind database from which the label was obtained. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get field value
 my $field = $label->field();

=back

=back

=head2 label( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the label name. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get label value
 my $label = $label->label();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
