=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::SmartFolder::GroupByValue - Smart Folder Group By Value object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Defines a group value as part of an L<Infoblox::Grid::SmartFolderChildren|Infoblox::Grid::SmartFolderChildren> query.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $group_by_value = Infoblox::Grid::SmartFolder::GroupByValue->new(
     name                    => $string,            #Required
     value                   => $string,            #Required
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure a SmartFolder::GroupByValue object.

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to specify the extensible attribute, object type, or object name that is used to group objects.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid values are strings corresponding to the names.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=back

=back

=head2 value( )

=over

Use this method to specify the value of the extensible attribute, object type, or object name.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid values are strings corresponding to the required extensible or normal attribute values.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::SmartFolderChildren|Infoblox::Grid::SmartFolderChildren>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
