=head1 NAME

Infoblox::IPAM::TCPPort - Network discovery TCP port

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This class represents the TCP port that network discovery jobs use to find IP addresses.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $tcp_port = Infoblox::IPAM::TCPPort->new(
      number            => $string,             #Required.
      comment           => $string,             #Optional.
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This object does not have a session method. You must use it with L<Infoblox::IPAM::DiscoveryTask|Infoblox::IPAM::DiscoveryTask> class.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a TCP port.

=head2  comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a descriptive comment for a TCP port.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Enter a descriptive comment for the TCP port in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get comment
 my $comment = $tcp_port->comment();
 # Modify comment
 $tcp_port->comment("new port");

=back

=back

=head2  number( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the TCP port number.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Enter a number the TCP port.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get port number
 my $port_number = $tcp_port->number();
 # Modify port number
 $tcp_port->number("222");

=back

=back

=head1 SAMPLE CODE

Please see sample code in L<Infoblox::IPAM::DiscoveryTask|Infoblox::IPAM::DiscoveryTask>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::IPAM::DiscoveryTask|Infoblox::IPAM::DiscoveryTask>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
