=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Request::ChangedObject - A Grid service restart request changed object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Grid service restart request changed object provides information about changes that are waiting for the restart.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in a Session module that you can apply to a Grid service restart request changed object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

  source  - Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestartGroup or Infoblox::Grid::Member object.
  service - string that contains service that is waiting for restart. The default value is 'ALL'.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object  => 'Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Request::ChangedObject',
     service => 'DHCPV6',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to search for a specific object:

  source  - Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestartGroup or Infoblox::Grid::Member object.
  service - string that contains service that is waiting for changes. The default value is 'ALL'.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object  => 'Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Request::ChangedObject',
     service => 'DHCPV6',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 action( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the operation on the changed object. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get action value
 my $value = $object->action();

=back

=back

=head2 changed_time( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the timestamp of the change. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the number of seconds elapsed since January 1, 1970, in UTC format.

=item B<Example>

 #Get changed_time value
 my $changed_time = $object->changed_time();

=back

=back

=head2 changed_properties( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the list of properties changed in the object. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns a reference to an array of strings. Each string in the array describes the changes.
The descriptions are similiar to the entries in the Change Audit Log column in the GUI.

=item B<Example>

 #Get changed_properties value
 my $changed_properties = $object->changed_properties();

=back

=back

=head2 object_name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the name of the changed object. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

none

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the object name in string format.

=item B<Example>

 #Get object_name value
 my $value = $object->object_name();

=back

=back

=head2 object_type( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the type of the changed object. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get object_type value
 my $value = $object->object_type();

=back

=back

=head2 user_name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the user name who have changed the object properties. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get user_name value
 my $value = $object->user_name();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, 

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
