=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DNS::Zone::Discrepancy - DNS Zone discrepancy object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The DNS zone discrepancy object represents discrepancy information for a specified zone.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in the Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to a DNS Zone Discrepancy object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific DNS Zone Discrepancy object:

  view                  - Optional. The DNS view in which the zone checking takes place. The default is all DNS views.
  severity              - Optional. The severity for discrepancy. The valid values are 'CRITICAL', 'SEVERE', 'WARNING', 'INFORMATIONAL', 'NORMAL'. The default is any severity.
  zone                  - Optional. The parent zone name in string format.

=item B<Examples>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => "Infoblox::DNS::Zone::Discrepancy",
     view   => "default" );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for DNS Zone Discrepancy objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific DNS Zone Discrepancy object:

  view                  - Optional. The DNS view in which the zone checking takes place. The default is all DNS views.
  severity              - Optional. The severity for discrepancy. The valid values are 'CRITICAL', 'SEVERE', 'WARNING', 'INFORMATIONAL', 'NORMAL'. The default is any severity.
  zone                  - Optional. The parent zone name in string format.

=item B<Examples>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object => "Infoblox::DNS::Zone::Discrepancy",
     view   => "default"
     zone   => "*.com");

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a zone.

=head2 description( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the description for discrepancy. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The description in string format with a maximum of 256 bytes.

=item B<Example>

 #Get description value
 my $value = $discrepancy->description();

=back

=back

=head2 severity( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the severity for discrepancy. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value. The valid returns values are 'CRITICAL', 'SEVERE', 'WARNING', 'INFORMATIONAL' and 'NORMAL'.

=item B<Example>

 #Get zone discrepancy severity value
 my $severity = $discrepancy->severity();

=back

=back

=head2 timestamp( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the timestamp when results were obtained. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The return value is a timestamp in UNIX format that is measured in seconds since 00:00:00 January 1, 1970 UTC.

=item B<Example>

 #Get zone discrepancy timestamp value
 my $timestamp = $discrepancy->timestamp();

=back

=back

=head2 view( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the DNS view name of the record associated with the zone discrepancy object. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get view value
 my $value = $discrepancy->view();

=back

=back

=head2 zone( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the zone name. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

A zone name in FQDN (Fully Qualified Domain Name) format. The FQDN consists of the host_name followed by the domain name (example: abc.com). A host_name can have a maximum of 256 characters.

=item B<Example>

 #Get zone value
 my $zone = $discrepancy->zone();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
