=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DNS::Nameserver::Address - NS Name Server object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The NS Name Server object provides IP address information for the name server associated with an NS record.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $rootns = Infoblox::DNS::Nameserver::Address->new(
              address => $address,                  #Required
              auto_create_ptr => "true" | "false"   #Optional / Default "true"
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

You can apply the following functions to an NS Name Server object:

=head2 Infoblox::DNS::Record::NS->nameservers( )

=over

Use this function to specify the IP addresses associated with the NS record. See L<Infoblox::DNS::Record::NS-E<gt>nameservers()|Infoblox::DNS::Record::NS/nameservers()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Construct an NS Name Server object
 my $ns1 = Infoblox::DNS::Nameserver::Address->new(
              address  => "10.0.0.1"
 );

 # Configure a name server address on the NS record object
 $ns_record->nameservers([$ns1]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of an NS Name Server object.

=head2 address( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the IPv4 address of the name server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The IPv4 address (32 bits) of the name server.

=item B<Returns>

If you specify a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you do not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get the address
 my $addr = $ns->address();
 #Modify the address
 $ns->address("10.0.0.1");

=back

=back

=head2 auto_create_ptr( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the auto_create_ptr flag of the name server. When this flag is set to true, PTR records are automatically created for NS records created in a reverse zone.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid values are C<"true"> or C<"false">.

=item B<Returns>

If you specify a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you do not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get auto_create_ptr
 my $aptr = $ns->auto_create_ptr();
 #Modify auto_create_ptr
 $rootns->auto_create_ptr("false");

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::DNS::Record::NS|Infoblox::DNS::Record::NS>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
