=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DNS::Ruleset::NxdomainRule - Rule of Ruleset object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Represents a rule that is used to match domain names.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $rule = Infoblox::DNS::Ruleset::NxdomainRule->new(
              pattern => $string,                   #Required
              action => $string,                    #Required
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions can be applied to an Infoblox::DNS::Ruleset::NxdomainRule object.

=head2 Infoblox::DNS::Ruleset->nxdomain_rules( )

=over

Use this method to add a list of Infoblox::DNS::Ruleset::NxdomainRule objects to the Ruleset object of an Infoblox appliance. See Infoblox::DNS::Ruleset->nxdomain_rules() for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

#Construct a rule
 my $rule1 = Infoblox::DNS::Ruleset::NxdomainRule->new(
              pattern  => "www.a.zone.com",
              action => "PASS"
 );

# Configure a rule for the Ruleset object
 $ruleset->nxdomain_rules([$rule1]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a Rule object.

=head2 pattern( )

=over

Use this method to specify the pattern that is used to match domain names.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The pattern in string format, with a maximum of 1024 characters.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get pattern
 my $pattern = $ruleset_item->pattern();
 #Modify pattern
 $ruleset_item->pattern("^*$");

=back

=back

=head2 action( )

=over

Use this method to specify the action to perform when a domain name matches the pattern defined in this Infoblox::DNS::Ruleset::NxdomainRule object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is "PASS", "REDIRECT" or "MODIFY".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get action
 my $action = $ruleset_item->action();
 #Modify action
 $ruleset_item->action("PASS");

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::DNS::Ruleset|Infoblox::DNS::Ruleset>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
