=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group::Order - A Grid Service Restart Group Order object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Grid Service Restart Group Order object controls the restart order of the Service Restart Group for a particular service ('DHCP' or 'DNS'). To specify a restart order, gather all the groups you want to restart for a particular service and then place the Restart Service Groups in the desired order.

Note that the default groups should be placed at the end of the list.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $group_order = Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group::Order->new(
     groups => [$group1, $group2, ..., $default_group], #Required
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in a Session module that you can apply to a Grid Service Restart Group object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->add( )

=over

Use this method to add an object to the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Construct an object
 my $svcrst_group_order = Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group::Order->new(
    groups => [$group1, $group2, $default_group],
 );

 #Submit for addition
 my $response = $session->add($svcrst_group_order);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 groups( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the ordered list for Grid Service Restart Groups.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array of L<Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group|Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group> objects.

Note that all groups for the specified service ('DHCP' or 'DNS') are required. Default groups should be placed at the end of the list.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get groups
 my $groups = $svcrst_gr_order->groups();
 #Modify groups
 $svcrst_gr_order->groups([$group1, $group2, $group3]);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group|Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
