=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group::Schedule - A Grid Service Restart Group Schedule object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Grid Service Restart Group Schedule object provides information about restart service schedule settings for Service Restart Group.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $svcrst_schedule = Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group::Schedule->new(
    schedule => $schedule,                                 # Required
    services => $array_of_services,                        # Optional / Default is ['ALL']
    mode     => 'GROUPED' | 'SEQUENTIAL' | 'SIMULTANEOUS', # Optional / Default is 'GROUPED'
    force    => 'true' | 'false',                          # Optional / Default is 'false'
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group->recurring_schedule( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the Grid Service Restart Group Schedule. See L<Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group-E<gt>recurring_schedule()|Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group/recurring_schedule()> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get recurring_schedule
 my $recurring_schedule = $svcrst_group->recurring_schedule();
 #Modify recurring_schedule
 $svcrst_group->recurring_schedule($sched);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 services( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of services for a scheduled restart for a particular Grid Service Restart Group.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array which contains following values: 'ALL', 'DNS', 'DHCP', 'DHCPV4', 'DHCPV6'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get services
 my $services = $svcrst_schedule->services();
 #Modify services
 $svcrst_schedule->services('DHCP');

=back

=back

=head2 mode( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the service restart mode for a scheduled restart for a particular Grid Service Restart Group.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid values are 'GROUPED', 'SEQUENTIAL' and 'SIMULTANEOUS'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get mode
 my $mode = $svcrst_schedule->mode();
 #Modify mode
 $svcrst_schedule->mode('SEQUENTIAL');

=back

=back

=head2 force( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the flag that indicates whether a forced scheduled restart will be performed for a particular Grid Service Restart Group.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to set the flag, and 'false' to unset/deactivate it. The default value is 'false'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get force
 my $force = $svcrst_schedule->force();
 #Modify force
 $svcrst_schedule->force('true');

=back

=back

=head2 schedule( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the schedule settings for a particular Grid Service Restart Group.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an L<Infoblox::Grid::ScheduleSetting|Infoblox::Grid::ScheduleSetting> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get schedule
 my $schedule = $svcrst_schedule->schedule();
 #Modify schedule
 $svcrst_schedule->schedule($sched);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group|Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group-E<gt>recurring_schedule()|Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group/recurring_schedule()>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ScheduleSetting|Infoblox::Grid::ScheduleSetting>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
