=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DXL::Endpoint::Broker - A Data Exchange Layer (DXL) endpoint broker object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

DXL brokers are installed on managed systems for routing messages between connected clients.
The network of brokers tracks active consumers and dynamically adjusts the message
routing as needed. When a client requests a service or when an update is broadcasted,
brokers relay these messages.

The DXL endpoint broker is used to configure DXL broker for a particular endpoint.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $object = Infoblox::DXL::Endpoint::Broker->new(
     host_name => $fqdn,   #Required
     address   => $ipaddr, #Optional / Default is undefined
     port      => $uint,   #Optional / Default is 8883
     unique_id => $string, #Optional / Default is undefined
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

This section describes all the functions that you can apply to a DXL Broker object.

=head2 Infoblox::DXL::Endpoint->brokers( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of DXL brokers for the DXL endpoint.
See L<Infoblox::DXL::Endpoint-E<gt>brokers()|Infoblox::DXL::Endpoint/brokers()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get brokers value
 my $brokers = $object->brokers();

 #Construct Infoblox::DXL::Endpoint::Broker object
 my $broker = Infoblox::DXL::Endpoint::Broker->new(
     host_name => 'dxl-br.localdomain',
 );

 #Modify brokers value
 $object->brokers([$broker]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 address( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the DXL broker IP address.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an IP address in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get address value
 my $value = $object->address();

 #Modify address value
 $object->address('1.1.1.1');

=back

=back

=head2 host_name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the host name for the DXL broker.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired FQDN in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get host_name value
 my $value = $object->host_name();

 #Modify host_name value
 $object->host_name('dxl-broker.localdomain');

=back

=back

=head2 port( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the port number for the DXL broker communication.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an unsigned integer between 1 and 65535. The default value is 8883.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get port value
 my $value = $object->port();

 #Modify port value
 $object->port('1312');

=back

=back

=head2 unique_id( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the unique ID for the DXL broker.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired ID in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get unique_id value
 my $value = $object->unique_id();

 #Modify unique_id value
 $object->unique_id('5d73b77f-8c4b-4ae0-b437-febd12facfd4');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DXL::Endpoint|Infoblox::DXL::Endpoint>,
L<Infoblox::DXL::Endpoint-E<gt>brokers()|Infoblox::DXL::Endpoint/brokers()/>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
