=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DTC::Server::Link - An DTC Server Link object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

An DTC Pool Link object.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $server_link = Infoblox::DTC::Server::Link->new(
     server   => $server, #Optional / Default is undefined
     ratio    => $uint,   #Optional / Default is undefined
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 server( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a DTC Server to link with.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an L<Infoblox::DTC::Server|Infoblox::DTC::Server> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get dtc_server value
 my $server = $server_link->server();

 #modify dtc_server value
 $server_link->dtc_server($server);

=back

=back

=head2 ratio( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the weight of a DTC Server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an unsigned integer.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get ratio value
 my $ratio = $server_link->ratio();

 #modify ratio value
 $server_link->ratio(70);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DTC::Server|Infoblox::DTC::Server>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
