=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DTC::Server::Monitor - A DTC Server Monitor object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The DTC Server Monitor object is used to configure DTC Health Monitor for the particular DTC Server.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $server_monitor = Infoblox::DTC::Server::Monitor->new(
     monitor => $tcp_monitor | $icmp_monitor | $snmp_monitor | $sip_monitor | $pdp_monitor | $http_monitor, #Required
     host    => $fqdn | $ipaddr,                                                                            #Optional / Default is undefined

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

This section describes all the functions that you can apply to an DTC Server Monitor object.

=head2 Infoblox::DTC::Server->monitors( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of DTC health monitors for the DTC Server.
See L<Infoblox::DTC::Server-E<gt>monitors()|Infoblox::DTC::Server/monitors()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #get monitors value
 my $monitors = $server->monitors();

 #modify monitors value

 #retrieve TCP monitor
 my $tcp_monitor = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::TCP',
     name   => 'tcp_monitor',
 );

 #construct DTC server monitor
 my $monitor = Infoblox::DTC::Server::Monitor->new(
     monitor => $tcp_monitor,
     host    => '192.168.1.10',
 );

 #modify monitors value
 $server->monitors([$monitor]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 host( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the address that is a subject of the DTC health monitoring.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an IP address or FQDN in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get host value
 my $value = $object->host();

 #Modify host value
 $object->host('1.1.1.1');

=back

=back


=head2 monitor( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the DTC Health Monitor used to monitor the DTC Server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is one of following objects:
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::HTTP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::HTTP>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SIP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SIP>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::PDP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::PDP>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::TCP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::TCP> or
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::ICMP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::ICMP>.

Note that yo must first retrieve the Monitor object from the session.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get monitor value
 my $value = $object->monitor();

 #Retrieve TCP monitor
 my $tcp_monitor = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::TCP',
     name   => 'tcp_monitor',
 );

 #Modify monitor value
 $object->monitor($tcp_monitor);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DTC::Server|Infoblox::DTC::Server>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Server-E<gt>monitors()|Infoblox::DTC::Server/monitors()/>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::HTTP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::HTTP>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SIP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SIP>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::PDP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::PDP>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::TCP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::TCP>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::ICMP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::ICMP>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
