=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Member::CaptivePortal::File - Captive Portal File object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This object is used to represent files uploaded to the captive portal. All methods are read-only.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a CaptivePortal::File object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Member::CaptivePortal->files( )

=over

Use this function to retrieve a reference to an array of Infoblox::Grid::Member::CaptivePortal::File objects that represent the files uploaded to the captive portal.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Retrieve the captive portal object
 my $member = $session->get(object => 'Infoblox::Grid::Member::CaptivePortal', name => 'cportal.com');

 # Access its files
 my @files = @{$member->files()};
 print $files[0]->name();

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to retrieve the attribute value of a file uploaded to a captive portal.

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the name of the uploaded file.

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name
 my $name = $service_status->name();

=back

=back

=head2 type( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the type of the uploaded file.

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value. Valid values are "Logo", "Footer", "Header", and "AUP"

=item B<Example>

 #Get type
 my $type = $service_type->type();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::CaptivePortal|Infoblox::Grid::Member::CaptivePortal>/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
