=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Member::PreProvisioning::Hardware - PreProvisioning hardware info object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

An Infoblox::Grid::Member::PreProvisioning::Hardware object represents pre-provisioned data for the hardware model.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $hw = Infoblox::Grid::Member::PreProvisioning->new(
     hwtype          => $string,                  # Optional / one of IB-100,IB-810, IB-820, IB-1410, IB-1420, IB-2210, IB-FLEX,
                                                  # IB-2220, IB-4010, IB-4030, PT-1400, PT-2200, PT-4000, IB-RSP2, IB-VM, IB-VNIOS
     hwmodel         => $string,                  # Optional / one of:
                                                  # - for IB-4010 are Rev1, Rev2;
                                                  # - for IB-4030 are Rev1, Rev2;
                                                  # - for PT-4000 is Rev2;
                                                  # - for IB-RSP2 is [TBD];
                                                  # - for IB-VNIOS are IB-VM-100, IB-VM-810, IB-VM-820, IB-VM-RSP, IB-VM-1410, IB-VM-1420, IB-VM-2210, IB-VM-2220, IB-VM-4010;
 );

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to configure and retrieve the attribute values of an Infoblox::Grid::Member::PreProvisioning::Hardware object.

=head2 hwtype( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the hardware type.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is a valid hardware type string.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get get hwtype()
 my $hwt = $hw->hwtype();
 #Modify hwtype
 $hw->hwtype('PT-4000');

=back

=back

=head2 hwmodel( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the hardware model.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is a valid hardware model string.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get get hwmodel()
 my $hwm = $hw->hwmodel();
 #Modify hwmodel
 $hw->hwmodel('Rev2');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Member|Infoblox::Grid::Member>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::PreProvisioning|Infoblox::Grid::Member::PreProvisioning>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut


