=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DTC::Pool::DynamicRatioSetting - An DTC Pool dynamic ratio setting object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The DTC Pool dynamic ratio setting object provides settings for dynamic ratio load balancing if you later select preferred
or alternate as the load balancing method.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $object = Infoblox::DTC::Pool::DynamicRatioSetting->new(
     method                => 'MONITOR' | 'ROUND_TRIP_DELAY', # Optional
     monitor               => $dtc_monitor,                   # Optional
     monitor_metric        => $string,                        # Optional
     monitor_weighing      => 'RATIO' | 'PRIORITY',           # Optional
     invert_monitor_metric => 'true' | 'false',               # Optional
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions can be applied to the object.

=head2 Infoblox::DTC::Pool->dynamic_ratio_preferred( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the preferred dynamic ratio load balancing settings. 
See L<Infoblox::DTC::Pool-E<gt>dynamic_ratio_preferred()|Infoblox::DTC::Pool/dynamic_ratio_preferred()> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #get dynamic_ratio_preferred value
 my $dynamic_ratio_preferred = $pool->dynamic_ratio_preferred();

 #Construct dynamic_ratio_preferred value
 my $dynamic_ratio = Infoblox::DTC::Pool::DynamicRatioSetting->new(
     method                => 'ROUND_TRIP_DELAY',
     invert_monitor_metric => 'true',
 );

 #modify dynamic_ratio_preferred value
 $pool->dynamic_ratio_preferred($dynamic_ratio);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::DTC::Pool->dynamic_ratio_alternate( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the alternate dynamic ratio load balancing settings. 
See L<Infoblox::DTC::Pool-E<gt>dynamic_ratio_alternate()|Infoblox::DTC::Pool/dynamic_ratio_alternate()> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #get dynamic_ratio_alternate value
 my $dynamic_ratio_alternate = $pool->dynamic_ratio_alternate();

 #modify dynamic_ratio_alternate value
 $pool->dynamic_ratio_alternate($dynamic_ratio);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 method( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the dynamic ratio load balancing method.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid values are 'MONITOR' and 'ROUND_TRIP_DELAY'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get method value
 my $method = $object->method();

 #Modify method value
 $object->method('MONITOR');

=back

=back

=head2 monitor( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the DTC monitor that will be used for the dynamic ratio load balancing.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::TCP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::TCP>, L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::ICMP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::ICMP>, L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SIP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SIP>, L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::HTTP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::HTTP>, or L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::PDP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::PDP> objects.

Note that you must retrieve the object from the server first, or set the name of the monitor.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get monitor value
 my $monitor = $object->monitor();

 #Construct Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP object (should be an existing object)
 my $snmp_monitor = Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SNMP->new(name => 'snmp1');

 #Modify monitor value
 $object->monitor($snmp_monitor);

=back

=back

=head2 monitor_metric( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the DTC monitor metric that will be used for dynamic weighing.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired metric in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get monitor_metric value
 my $monitor_metric = $object->monitor_metric();

 #Modify monitor_metric value
 $object->monitor_metric('222');

=back

=back

=head2 monitor_weighing( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the weighing settings for the dynamic ratio load balancing servers.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid values are 'PRIORITY' and 'RATIO'.
'PRIORITY' means that all clients will be forwarded to the least loaded server. 'RATIO' means that distribution will be calculated based on dynamic weights.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get monitor_weighing value
 my $monitor_weighing = $object->monitor_weighing();

 #Modify monitor_weighing value
 $object->monitor_weighing('RATIO');

=back

=back

=head2 invert_monitor_metric( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the flag that indicates whether the inverted value of the monitor metric is used.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

Specify 'true' to force the server to use the inverted monitor metric and 'false' to use the direct metric value. The default is 'false'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get invert_monitor_metric value
 my $invert_monitor_metric = $object->invert_monitor_metric();

 #Modify invert_monitor_metric value
 $object->invert_monitor_metric('true');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DTC::Pool|Infoblox::DTC::Pool>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Pool-E<gt>dynamic_ratio_preferred()|Infoblox::DTC::Pool/dynamic_ratio_preferred()>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Pool-E<gt>dynamic_ratio_alternate()|Infoblox::DTC::Pool/dynamic_ratio_alternate()>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::TCP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::TCP>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::ICMP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::ICMP>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SIP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::SIP>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::HTTP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::HTTP>,
L<Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::PDP|Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::PDP>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
