=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DNS::Member::SoaMname - a per-master SOA MNAME information.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object contains a per-master SOA MNAME Information.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $soa_mname = Infoblox::DNS::Member::SoaMname->new(
    grid_member => $string,       # Required if ms_server is not specified
    ms_server   => $string,       # Required if grid_member is not specified
    mname       => $string,       # Optional
 );

You cannot set both grid_member and ms_server attributes at the same time.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object doesn't support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 dns_mname( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the master's SOA MNAME in punycode format. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $soa_mname->dns_mname();

=back

=back

=head2 grid_member( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the primary server name for the zone.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The primary server name in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get the attribute value
 my $attr = $soa_mname->grid_member();
 # Modify the attribute value
 $soa_mname->grid_member('member.com');

=back

=back

=head2 mname( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the master's SOA MNAME.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The master's SOA MNAME in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get the attribute value
 my $attr = $soa_mname->mname();
 # Modify the attribute value
 $soa_mname->mname('dummy-mname.com');

=back

=back

=head2 ms_server( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the IPv4 address or FQDN of the Microsoft (r) Server for the zone.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is an IPv4 address (32 bits) or FQDN of the Microsoft (r) Server.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get the attribute value
 my $attr = $soa_mname->ms_server();
 # Modify the attribute value
 $soa_mname->ms_server('10.0.0.1');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
