=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DNS::Member::SoaSerial - a per-master SOA serial information.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object contains a per-master SOA serial information.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

The object cannot be created because all object attributes are read-only.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object doesn't support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 grid_member( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the primary server name for the zone. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get the attribute value
 my $attr = $soa_serial->grid_member();

=back

=back

=head2 serial( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the SOA serial number. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get the attribute value
 my $attr = $soa_serial->serial();

=back

=back

=head2 ms_server

=over

Use this method to retrieve the IPv4 address or FQDN of the Microsoft (r) Server for the zone. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get the attribute value
 my $attr = $soa_serial->ms_server();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
