
=head1 NAME

PDL::Index - an index of PDL documentation

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A meta document listing the documented PDL modules and
the PDL manual documents

=head1 PDL manuals

=over 4

=item *

L<Inline::Pdlpp|Inline::Pdlpp> - Write PDL Subroutines inline with PDL::PP

=item *

L<PDL::API|PDL::API> - making piddles from Perl and C/XS code

=item *

L<PDL::BadValues|PDL::BadValues> - Discussion of bad value support in PDL

=item *

L<PDL::Bugs|PDL::Bugs> - How to diagnose and report PDL problems

=item *

L<PDL::Course|PDL::Course> - A journey through PDL's documentation, from beginner to advanced.

=item *

L<PDL::Dataflow|PDL::Dataflow> - description of the dataflow philosophy

=item *

L<PDL::Delta|PDL::Delta> - PDL changes between V1.0 and V2.0

=item *

L<PDL::FAQ|PDL::FAQ> - Frequently asked questions about PDL

=item *

L<PDL::IO|PDL::IO> - An overview of the modules in the PDL::IO namespace.

=item *

L<PDL::Indexing|PDL::Indexing> - Introduction to indexing and slicing piddles.

=item *

L<PDL::Internals|PDL::Internals> - description of some aspects of the current internals

=item *

L<PDL::MATLAB|PDL::MATLAB> - A guide for MATLAB users.

=item *

L<PDL::Modules|PDL::Modules> - A guide to PDL's module reference.

=item *

L<PDL::Objects|PDL::Objects> - Object-Orientation, what is it and how to exploit it

=item *

L<PDL::PP|PDL::PP> - Generate PDL routines from concise descriptions

=item *

L<PDL::ParallelCPU|PDL::ParallelCPU> - Parallel Processor MultiThreading Support in PDL (Experimental)

=item *

L<PDL::Philosophy|PDL::Philosophy> - Why did we write PDL?

=item *

L<PDL::QuickStart|PDL::QuickStart> - Quick introduction to PDL features.

=item *

L<PDL::Scilab|PDL::Scilab> - A guide for Scilab users.

=item *

L<PDL::Threading|PDL::Threading> - Tutorial for PDL's Threading feature

=item *

L<PDL::Tips|PDL::Tips> - Small tidbits of useful arcana. Programming tidbits and such.

=item *

L<PDL::Tutorials|PDL::Tutorials> - A guide to PDL's tutorial documentation.


=back

=head1 PDL scripts

=over 4

=item *

L<pdl2|PDL::pdl2> - Simple shell (version 2) for PDL

=item *

L<pdldoc|PDL::pdldoc> - shell interface to PDL documentation

=item *

L<perldl|PDL::perldl> - Simple shell for PDL (see also L<pdl2>)

=item *

L<pptemplate|PDL::pptemplate> - script to generate Makefile.PL and PP file skeleton


=back

=head1 PDL modules

=over 4

=item *

L<PDL::PDL|PDL::PDL> - the Perl Data Language

=item *

L<PDL::AutoLoader|PDL::AutoLoader> - MatLab style AutoLoader for PDL

=item *

L<PDL::Bad|PDL::Bad> - PDL does process bad values

=item *

L<PDL::Basic|PDL::Basic> - Basic utility functions for PDL

=item *

L<PDL::CallExt|PDL::CallExt> - call functions in external shared libraries

=item *

L<PDL::Char|PDL::Char> - PDL subclass which allows reading and writing of fixed-length character strings as byte PDLs

=item *

L<PDL::Complex|PDL::Complex> - handle complex numbers

=item *

L<PDL::Compression|PDL::Compression> - compression utilities

=item *

L<PDL::Constants|PDL::Constants> - basic compile time constants for PDL

=item *

L<PDL::Core|PDL::Core> - fundamental PDL functionality and vectorization/threading

=item *

L<PDL::Core::Dev|PDL::Core::Dev> - PDL development module

=item *

L<PDL::Dbg|PDL::Dbg> - functions to support debugging of PDL scripts

=item *

L<PDL::Demos::Prima|PDL::Demos::Prima> - PDL demo for PDL::Graphics::Prima

=item *

L<PDL::DiskCache|PDL::DiskCache> - Non-memory-resident array object

=item *

L<PDL::Doc|PDL::Doc> - support for PDL online documentation

=item *

L<PDL::Doc::Perldl|PDL::Doc::Perldl> - commands for accessing PDL doc database from 'perldl' shell

=item *

L<PDL::Exporter|PDL::Exporter> - PDL export control

=item *

L<PDL::FFT|PDL::FFT> - FFTs for PDL

=item *

L<PDL::Filter::LinPred|PDL::Filter::LinPred> - Linear predictive filtering

=item *

L<PDL::Filter::Linear|PDL::Filter::Linear> - linear filtering for PDL

=item *

L<PDL::Fit::Gaussian|PDL::Fit::Gaussian> - routines for fitting gaussians

=item *

L<PDL::Fit::LM|PDL::Fit::LM> - Levenberg-Marquardt fitting routine for PDL

=item *

L<PDL::Fit::Linfit|PDL::Fit::Linfit> - routines for fitting data with linear combinations of functions.

=item *

L<PDL::Fit::Polynomial|PDL::Fit::Polynomial> - routines for fitting with polynomials

=item *

L<PDL::Func|PDL::Func> - interpolation, integration, & gradient estimation (differentiation) of functions

=item *

L<PDL::Graphics2D|PDL::Graphics2D> - An object oriented interface to PDL graphics

=item *

L<PDL::Graphics::IIS|PDL::Graphics::IIS> - Display PDL images on IIS devices (saoimage/ximtool)

=item *

L<PDL::Graphics::LUT|PDL::Graphics::LUT> - provides access to a number of look-up tables

=item *

L<PDL::Graphics::Limits|PDL::Graphics::Limits> - derive limits for display purposes

=item *

L<PDL::IO::Dicom|PDL::IO::Dicom> - a module for reading DICOM images.

=item *

L<PDL::IO::Dumper|PDL::IO::Dumper> - data dumping for structs with PDLs

=item *

L<PDL::IO::FITS|PDL::IO::FITS> - Simple FITS support for PDL

=item *

L<PDL::IO::FastRaw|PDL::IO::FastRaw> - A simple, fast and convenient io format for PerlDL.

=item *

L<PDL::IO::FlexRaw|PDL::IO::FlexRaw> - A flexible binary I/O format for PerlDL

=item *

L<PDL::IO::GD|PDL::IO::GD> - Interface to the GD image library.

=item *

L<PDL::IO::IDL|PDL::IO::IDL> - I/O of IDL Save Files

=item *

L<PDL::IO::Misc|PDL::IO::Misc> - misc IO routines for PDL

=item *

L<PDL::IO::Pic|PDL::IO::Pic> - image I/O for PDL

=item *

L<PDL::IO::Pnm|PDL::IO::Pnm> - pnm format I/O for PDL

=item *

L<PDL::IO::Storable|PDL::IO::Storable> - helper functions to make PDL usable with Storable

=item *

L<PDL::Image2D|PDL::Image2D> - Miscellaneous 2D image processing functions

=item *

L<PDL::ImageND|PDL::ImageND> - useful image processing in N dimensions

=item *

L<PDL::ImageRGB|PDL::ImageRGB> - some utility functions for RGB image data handling

=item *

L<PDL::Install::Files|PDL::Install::Files> - Module for use by L<ExtUtils::Depends> and L<Inline>

=item *

L<PDL::Lite|PDL::Lite> - minimum PDL module OO loader

=item *

L<PDL::LiteF|PDL::LiteF> - minimum PDL module function loader

=item *

L<PDL::Lvalue|PDL::Lvalue> - declare PDL lvalue subs

=item *

L<PDL::Math|PDL::Math> - extended mathematical operations and special functions

=item *

L<PDL::Matrix|PDL::Matrix> - a convenience matrix class for column-major access

=item *

L<PDL::MatrixOps|PDL::MatrixOps> - Some Useful Matrix Operations

=item *

L<PDL::NiceSlice|PDL::NiceSlice> - toward a nicer slicing syntax for PDL

=item *

L<PDL::Ops|PDL::Ops> - Fundamental mathematical operators

=item *

L<PDL::Opt::Simplex|PDL::Opt::Simplex> - Simplex optimization routines

=item *

L<PDL::Options|PDL::Options> - simplifies option passing by hash in PerlDL

=item *

L<PDL::Perldl2::Plugin::CleanErrors|PDL::Perldl2::Plugin::CleanErrors> - filter out Moose cruft

=item *

L<PDL::Perldl2::Plugin::NiceSlice|PDL::Perldl2::Plugin::NiceSlice> - enable PDL NiceSlice syntax

=item *

L<PDL::Perldl2::Plugin::PDLCommands|PDL::Perldl2::Plugin::PDLCommands> - implement perldl aliases/escapes

=item *

L<PDL::Perldl2::Plugin::PrintControl|PDL::Perldl2::Plugin::PrintControl> - disable default print output

=item *

L<PDL::Perldl2::Profile::Perldl2|PDL::Perldl2::Profile::Perldl2> - profile for Perldl2 shell

=item *

L<PDL::Primitive|PDL::Primitive> - primitive operations for pdl

=item *

L<PDL::Reduce|PDL::Reduce> - a C<reduce> function for PDL

=item *

L<PDL::Slices|PDL::Slices> - Indexing, slicing, and dicing

=item *

L<PDL::Transform|PDL::Transform> - Coordinate transforms, image warping, and N-D functions

=item *

L<PDL::Transform::Cartography|PDL::Transform::Cartography> - Useful cartographic projections

=item *

L<PDL::Types|PDL::Types> - define fundamental PDL Datatypes

=item *

L<PDL::Ufunc|PDL::Ufunc> - primitive ufunc operations for pdl


=back

=head1 HISTORY

Automatically generated by scantree.pl for PDL version 2.024.

