=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DNS::Record::DHCID - DNS DHCID record object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The DHCID DNS resource record (RR) is used to associate the DNS domain names and DHCP clients using these domain names.

Note that insert/update operations are not allowed for this object.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to the object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific DNS DHCID object:

  name    - Optional. Host name in string format.
  view    - Optional. The DNS view in which the DHCID record is located. By default, all DNS views are searched. But if you omit this attribute and specify a zone, the appliance searches the 'default' view only.
  dhcid   - Optional. Base-64 encoded string that contains client information.
  zone    - Optional. A zone name in FQDN format.
  creator - Optional. Record creator.

=item B<Example>

 # get all DNS DHCID records in the 'domain.com' zone of the default view
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::DNS::Record::DHCID',
     zone   => 'domain.com',
     view   => 'default' );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->remove( )

=over

Use this method to remove an object from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/> for parameters and return values.

To remove a specifc object, first use get() or search() to retrieve the specific object, and then submit this object for removal.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get the objects with the same name
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::DNS::Record::DHCID',
     name   => 'dhcid.domain.com',
     view   => 'default' );

 # find the desired object from the retrieved list.
 my $desired_object = $retrieved_objs[0];

 # Submit for removal
 my $response = $session->remove($desired_object);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to search for a DNS DHCID record object:

  name    - Optional. A name in FQDN (Fully Qualified Domain Name) format (regular expression).
  view    - Optional. The DNS view in which the DHCID record is located. By default, all DNS views are searched. But if you omit this attribute and specify a zone, the appliance searches the 'default' view only.
  dhcid   - Optional. Base-64 encoded string that contains client information (regexp).
  zone    - Optional. A zone name in FQDN format.
  creator - Optional. Record creator.

=item B<Example>

 # search for all DNS DHCID objects that match 'domain.com' in the default DNS view
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object => 'Infoblox::DNS::Record::DHCID',
     name   => 'domain\.com',
     view   => 'default' );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a DHCID record.

Note that this is a read-only object.

=head2 creator( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the record creator. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Paramter>

None

=item B<Returns>

Valid return values are 'STATIC', 'DYNAMIC', and 'SYSTEM'.

=item B<Example>

 #Get creator value
 my $value = $object->creator();

=back

=back

=head2 creation_time( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the creation time for the record. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

Valid return value is the number of seconds that has elapsed since January 1st, 1970 UTC.

=item B<Example>

 #Get creation_time value
 my $value = $object->creation_time();

=back

=back

=head2 dhcid( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Base64 encoded DHCP client information. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get dhcid value
 my $value = $object->dhcid();

=back

=back

=head2 dns_name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the name in punycode format. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get dns_name value
 my $value = $object->dns_name();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the name. This is a read-only attribute.

The attribute value can be in unicode format.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name value
 my $value = $object->name();

=back

=back

=head2 ttl( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Time to Live (TTL) value. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, a 32-bit integer (range from 0 to 4294967295).

=item B<Example>

 #Get ttl value
 my $value = $object->ttl();

=back

=back

=head2 views( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the view of a DHCID record. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value: the one-element array that contains L<Infoblox::DNS::View|Infoblox::DNS::View> object.

=item B<Example>

 #Get views value
 my $value = $object->views();

 #Modify views values
 $object->views([$view1]);

=back

=back

=head2 zone( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the zone name of a DNS DHCID record. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get zone value
 my $zone = $object->zone();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>,
L<Infoblox::DNS::View|Infoblox::DNS::View>,
L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
