=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DNS::Record::DTCLBDN - A DTC Load Balanced Domain Name Record object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A DTC Load Balanced Domain Name Record object.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

A DTC Load Balanced Domain Name Record is automatically created when the Load Balanced Domain Name obscures the existing A or AAAA record.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in an Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to a DTC Load Balanced Domain Name Record object object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

  comment              - Optional. Descriptive comments.
  extattrs             - Optional. A hash reference containing extensible attributes.
  extensible_atributes - Optional. Extensible attributes associated with a Grid Member object
  name                 - Optional. Host name in string format.
  view                 - Optional. The DNS view in which the DTC Load Balanced Domain Name Record is located. By default, all DNS views are searched. But if you omit this attribute and specify a zone, the appliance searches the 'default' view only.
  zone                 - Optional. The DNS zone in which the DTC Load Balanced Domain Name Record is located.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => "Infoblox::DNS::Record::DTCLBDN",
     name   => "dtclbdn.domain.com",
     view   => "default" );

 # get all DTC Load Balanced Domain Name Records in the "domain.com" zone of the default view
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => "Infoblox::DNS::Record::DTCLBDN",
     zone   => "domain.com",
     view   => "default" );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

  comment              - Optional. Descriptive comments.
  extattrs             - Optional. A hash reference containing extensible attributes.
  extensible_atributes - Optional. Extensible attributes associated with a Grid Member object
  name                 - Optional. Host name in string format.
  view                 - Optional. The DNS view in which the DTC Load Balanced Domain Name Record is located. By default, all DNS views are searched. But if you omit this attribute and specify a zone, the appliance searches the 'default' view only.
  zone                 - Optional. The DNS zone in which the DTC Load Balanced Domain Name Record is located.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => "Infoblox::DNS::Record::DTCLBDN",
     name   => "dtclbdn.domain.com",
     view   => "default" );

 # get all DTC Load Balanced Domain Name Records in the "domain.com" zone of the default view
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => "Infoblox::DNS::Record::DTCLBDN",
     zone   => "domain.com",
     view   => "default" );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve a user comment. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get comment value
 my $comment = $dtclbdn->comment();

=back

=back

=head2 disable( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the disabled state for a DTC Load Balanced Doamin Name. This is a read-ony attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get disable value
 my $disable = $dtclbdn->disable();

=back

=back

=head2 extattrs( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the extensible attributes associated with a DTC Load Balanced Domain Name object. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

Use this method to set or retrieve the extensible attributes associated with a DTC Load Balanced Domain Name object. This is a read-only attribute.

=item B<Example>

 #get extattrs value
 my $extattrs = $dtclbdn->extattrs();

=back

=back

=head2 extensible_attributes( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the extensible attributes associated with a DTC Load Balancing Domain Name object. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get extensible_attributes value
 my $ea = $dtclbdn->extensible_attributes();

=back

=back

=head2 last_queried( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the time when the associated record was last queried. This is a read-only attribute.  This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value. The number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1st, 1970 UTC.

=item B<Example>

 #Get last_queried
 my $last_queried = $dtclbdn->last_queried();

=back

=back

=head2 lbdn( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve a DTC Load Balanced Domain Name object. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value that can be an L<Infoblox::DTC::LBDN|Infoblox::DTC::LBDN> object.

=item B<Example>

 #get lbdn value
 my $lbdn = $dtclbdn->lbdn();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the name of a DTC Load Balanced Domain Name object. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get name value
 my $name = $dtclbdn->name();

=back

=back

=head2 pattern( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve a DNS FQDN pattern that generated this record. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get pattern value
 my $pattern = $dtclbdn->pattern();

=back

=back

=head2 view( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the view name of a DTC Load Balanced Domain Name Record. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get view value
 my $view = $dtclbdn->view();

=back

=back

=head2 zone( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the zone name of a DTC Load Balanced Domain Name Record. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get zone value
 my $zone = $dtclbdn->zone();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::DNS::View|Infoblox::DNS::View>, L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone>, L<Infoblox::DTC::LBDN|Infoblox::DTC::LBDN>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
