=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::AllEndpoints - A class that represents all Grid endpoints.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Grid endpoint object provides information about all third party servers.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in an Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance.
See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific Grid endpoint object:

  address            - Optional. The FQDN or IP address of the Grid endpoint.
  comment            - Optional. The Grid endpoint comment in string format.
  subscribing_member - Optional. The Grid endpoint subscribing member name.
  type               - Optional. The Grid endpoint type.

=item B<Examples>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object  => 'Infoblox::Grid::AllEndpoints',
     address => '10.0.0.1',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to search for the object:

  address            - Optional. The FQDN or IP address of the Grid endpoint (regexp).
  comment            - Optional. The Grid endpoint comment in string format (regexp).
  subscribing_member - Optional. The Grid endpoint subscribing member name (exact).
  type               - Optional. The Grid endpoint type (exact).

=item B<Examples>

 # search for objects
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object       => 'Infoblox::Grid::AllEndpoints',
     address      => '10.*',
     comment      => '.*comment',
);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a Grid endpoint.

=head2 address( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the fully-qualified domain name (FQDN) or IP address of the Grid endpoint. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get address value
 my $address = $object->address();

=back

=back

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Grid endpoint comment. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get comment value
 my $comment = $object->comment();

=back

=back

=head2 disable( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the flag that indicates whether the Grid endpoint is enabled or disabled. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get disable value
 my $disable = $object->disable();

=back

=back

=head2 subscribing_member( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Grid member host name serving the Grid endpoint. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get subscribing_member value
 my $subscribing_member = $object->subscribing_member();

=back

=back

=head2 type( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Grid endpoint type. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get type value
 my $type = $object->type();

=back

=back

=head2 version( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Grid endpoint version. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get version value
 my $version = $object->version();

=back

=back


=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>,

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
