=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::CACertificate - CA certificate description.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

An Infoblox::Grid::CACertificate object represents a CA certificate description.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in an Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to an Infoblox::Grid::CACertificate object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
      object => 'Infoblox::Grid::CACertificate',
      serial => 'serial',
 );

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
      object  => 'Infoblox::Grid::CACertificate',
      issuer => 'issuer',
 );

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
      object   => 'Infoblox::Grid::CACertificate',
      distinguished_name => 'distinguished_name',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->remove( )

=over

Use this method to remove an object from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/> for parameters and return values.

To remove a specific object, first use get() to retrieve the object, and then submit it for removal.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get the objects with the specified serial.
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
      object => 'Infoblox::Grid::CACertificate',
      serial => 'serial',
 );

 #Find the desired object on the retrieved list.
 my $desired_ca_cert = $retrieved_objs[0];

 # Submit for removal
 my $response = $session->remove($desired_ca_cert);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
      object => 'Infoblox::Grid::CACertificate',
      serial => 'serial',
 );

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
      object  => 'Infoblox::Grid::CACertificate',
      issuer => 'issuer',
 );

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
      object   => 'Infoblox::Grid::CACertificate',
      distinguished_name => 'distinguished_name',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of an Infoblox::Grid::CACertificate object.

=head2 distinguished_name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve certificate subject name. This attribute is read-only and cannot be set.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get distinguished_name
 my $distinguished_name = $ca_cert->distinguished_name();

=back

=back

=head2 issuer( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve issuer subject name. This attribute is read-only and cannot be set.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get issuer
 my $issuer = $ca_cert->issuer();

=back

=back

=head2 serial( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve Certificate serial number in hex format. This attribute is read-only and cannot be set.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get serial
 my $serial = $ca_cert->serial();

=back

=back

=head2 used_by( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve information about usages of the certificate. This attribute is read-only and cannot be set.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value. If the returned value is equal to SSL/TLS - all certificates in CA store can be used for HTTPS and if the returned value is equal to CAS - additionally certificate can be assigned to Certificate Authentication Group.

=item B<Example>

 #Get used_by
 my $used_by = $ca_cert->used_by();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
