=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::DateTime - Grid date and time object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Grid DateTime object is used to set the date and the time for an Infoblox appliance.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 #Constructor for an grid DateTime object
 my $date_time = Infoblox::Grid::DateTime->new (
         date    =>  $date            #Optional / Default is undefined and continue to ues current system date
         time    =>  $time            #Optional / Default is undefined and continue to use current system time
     );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in Infoblox::Session that you can apply to a grid DateTime object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve existing objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attributes to get a grid DateTime object:

 none.

=item B<Example>

 my @result_array = $session->get( "object" => "Infoblox::Grid::DateTime");

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 # Use this method to modify the date and time of Infoblox appliance.
 $object->date( "11/04/2007" );
 $object->time( "15:00:00" );
 # Submit modification
 my $response = $session->modify( $object );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute value of a date time.

=head2  date( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve date for an Infoblox appliance.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Desired date in mm/dd/yy format eg ( 11/04/2007 ).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #Get date
 my $date = $object->date();
 #Modify ntp_enabled
 $object->date( "11/04/2007" );

=back

=back

=head2 time( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the time for an Infoblox appliance.
Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Desired time in hh/mm/ss format eg. (11:59:59).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #Get time
 my $time = $object->time();
 #Modify time
 $object->time("15:00:00");

=back

=back

=head1 SAMPLE CODE

The following sample code demonstrates different operations that can be applied to an object such as create, modify, and remove an object. This sample code also includes error handling for the operations.

 #PROGRAM STARTS: Include all the modules that will be used
 use strict;
 use Infoblox;

 #Create a session to the Infoblox appliance
 my $session = Infoblox::Session->new(
     master   => "192.168.1.2",
     username => "admin",
     password => "infoblox"
 );
 unless ($session) {
    die("Construct session failed: ",
        Infoblox::status_code() . ":" . Infoblox::status_detail());
 }
 print "Session created successfully\n";

 my @result_array = $session->get( "object" => "Infoblox::Grid::DateTime");
 if( defined @result_array  and scalar( @result_array ) > 0 )
  {
         my $object = $result_array[0];
         unless ($object) {
                 die("Get on Date Time failed: ",
          $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
         }

 $object->date( "11/07/2007" );
 $object->time( "15:00:00" );
 $session->modify($object)
    or die("Modify on Date Time failed: ",
            $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 print "Grid Date Time modified successfully \n";
 }
 else
 {
         print "No  DateTime Structure found !!!\n";
 }

 ####PROGRAM ENDS####

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get(/)>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
