=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::DBSnapshot - OneDB snapshot information object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information and a descriptive comment about the last OneDB snapshot.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in a Session module that you can apply to a DBSnapshot object. Note that the object supports only the get method since there is only one such object in the database.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::Grid::DBSnapshot',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the descriptive comment.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get comment value
 my $value = $object->comment();

=back

=back

=head2 timestamp( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the time when the last OneDB snapshot was created. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

This method returns a attribute value. The number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1, 1970 UTC.

=item B<Example>

 #get timestamp value
 my $value = $object->timestamp();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>,
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
