=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Extattr - an extensible attribute representation for an attribute.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

An object that provides an extensible attribute representation for an attribute.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $extattr = Infoblox::Grid::Extattr->new(
    value                 => $scalar | [$scalar1, $scalar2, ...],      # required
    inheritance_operation => 'DELETE' | 'INHERIT' | 'OVERRIDE',        # optional
    descendants_action    => $descendants,                             # optional
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of the extensible attribute representation for an attribute.

=head2 descendants_action( )

=over

Use this method to set the actions for extensible attributes that exist on descendants. This attribute is write-only and cannot be retrieved.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is an L<Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef::Descendants|Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef::Descendants> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #Modify attribute value
 $extattr->descendants_action($descendants);

=back

=back

=head2 inheritance_operation( )

=over

Use this method to set the operation that will be performed on an extensible attribute. This attribute is write-only and cannot be retrieved.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is 'DELETE', 'INHERIT' or 'OVERRIDE'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #Modify attribute value
 $extattr->inheritance_operation('INHERIT');

=back

=back

=head2 inheritance_source( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the object from which the extensible attribute was inherited. This attribute is read-only and cannot be set

This object is considered a 'partial' object. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>fill_partial_object()|Infoblox::Session/fill_partial_object()/> for more information on how it can be converted to a 'full' API object.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get attribute value
 my $value = $extattr->inheritance_source();

=back

=back

=head2 value( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the value of the extensible attribute representation for an attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

For email, URL, and string types, the value is a string with a maximum of 256 characters.

For a list, the value is a reference to an array of strings with a maximum of 64 characters.

For an integer, the value is an integer from -2147483648 through 2147483647.

For a date, the value is the number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1st, 1970 UTC or a string in YYYY-MM-DD format. Any date entered will be converted to an epoch time corresponding to that day at 11:01am UTC.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get attribute value
 my $value = $extattr->value();
 #Modify attribute value
 $extattr->value('www.infoblox.com');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef::Descendants|Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef::Descendants>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
