=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::InformationalBannerSetting - The informational banner setting.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The informational banner setting object that controls the banner displayed on the login page of Grid Manager.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $color = "BLACK" | "BLUE" | "BROWN" | "CYAN" | "GREEN" | "MAGENTA" | "ORANGE" | "PURPLE" | "RED" | "YELLOW";

 my $informational = Infoblox::Grid::InformationalBannerSetting->new(
     enable    => "true" | "false", #Mandatory
     color     => $color,           #Mandatory
     message   => $string,          #Optional / Default is empty
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions are available to apply to an informational banner setting object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid->informational_banner_setting( )

=over

Use this function to specify the informational banner settings for the Grid.
See L<Infoblox::Grid-E<gt>informational_banner_setting()|Infoblox::Grid/informational_banner_setting()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 my $grid = $session->get(object => 'Infoblox::Grid');

 my $banner = Infoblox::Grid::InformationalBannerSetting->new(enable => 'true', color => 'BLUE', message => 'Informational message');
 $grid->informational_banner_setting($banner);
 my $response = $session->modify($grid);
 unless($response) {
      die("Modify grid failed: ",
            session->status_code() . ":" . session->status_detail());
 }
 print "Grid banner setting modified successfully\n";

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set and retrieve the attribute values of an informational banner setting object.

=head2 enable( )

=over

Use this method to set the enable flag.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to enable the banner or "false" to disable it.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable
 my $enable = $banner->enable();
 #Modify enable
 $banner->enable("true");

=back

=back

=head2 color( )

=over

Use this method to set the color of the message that will be displayed on the login page of Grid Manager.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

A string containing the color.
Banner colors can be one of the following: 'BLACK', 'BLUE', 'BROWN', 'CYAN', 'GREEN', 'MAGENTA', 'ORANGE', 'PURPLE', 'RED', 'YELLOW'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get color
 my $color = $banner->color();
 #Modify color
 $banner->color("RED");

=back

=back

=head2 message( )

=over

Use this method to set the message that will be displayed on the login page of Grid Manager.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

A string containing the message.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get message
 my $message = $banner->message();
 #Modify message
 $banner->message("Test message");

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid|Infoblox::Grid>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
