=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::MaxMindDBInfo - an MaxMind Database information object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about the MaxMind database.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in a Session module that you can apply to a MaxMindDBInfo object. Note that the object supports only the get method since there is only one such object in the database.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

   binary_major_version - Optional. The major binary version of MaxMind database.
   binary_minor_version - Optional. The minor binary version of MaxMind database.
   build_time           - Optional. The time at which the MaxMind database was built.
   database_type        - Optional. The structure of data records.
   deployment_time      - Optional. The time at which the current MaxMind database was deployed.
   topology_type        - Optional. The MaxMind database topology type.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::DTC::Monitor::TCP',
     database_type => 'GeoLite2-Country',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 MODULE METHODS

=head2 Infoblox::DTC->import_maxminddb( )

=head2 import_maxminddb( )

=over

Use this method to upload MaxMind Database.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to upload a MaxMind Database:

     path - Required. The path to a tar archive that contains the MaxMind Database.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns "true" when an upload of a MaxMind Database has been performed successfully, and returns "false" when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #upload MaxMind DB
 my $res = $dtc->import_maxminddb(path => $path_to_maxminddb);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 binary_major_version( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the major version of the MaxMind database binary format. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get binary_major_version value
 my $binary_major_version = $maxminddbinfo->binary_major_version();

=back

=back

=head2 binary_minor_version( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the minor version of the MaxMind database binary format. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get binary_minor_version value
 my $binary_minor_version = $maxminddbinfo->binary_minor_version();

=back

=back

=head2 build_time( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the time when the MaxMind database was built. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get build_time value
 my $build_time = $maxminddbinfo->build_time();

=back

=back

=head2 database_type( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the structure of MaxMind database records. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get database_type value
 my $database_type = $maxminddbinfo->database_type();

=back

=back

=head2 deployment_time( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the time when the current MaxMind database was deployed. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get deployment_time value
 my $deployment_time = $maxminddbinfo->deployment_time();

=back

=back

=head2 member( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Grid member name on which the current MaxMind database was deployed. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get member value
 my $value = $object->member();

=back

=back

=head2 topology_type( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the MaxMind database topology type. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value. The valid return values are 'GEOIP' and 'EA'.

=item B<Example>

 #get topology_type value
 my $topology_type = $maxminddbinfo->topology_type();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, L<Infoblox::DTC-E<gt>import_maxminddb()|Infoblox::DTC/import_maxminddb()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
