=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::NTPAccess - Grid Network Time Protocol (NTP) access object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Grid NTP access object is used to specify the access list for the NTP service.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 #Constructor for an Grid NTP access object
  my $ntp_access = Infoblox::Grid::NTPAccess->new(
     address        =>  $ipv4addr | "Any"  #Required
     service        => "Time" | "Time and NTP control"         #Optional / Default "Time"
    );

This constructed object can be used only when NTP is set to "true" at the grid level.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

This section describes all the functions that can be applied to an NTP access object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid->ntp_access_list( )

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Member->ntp_access_list( )

=over

Use this function to specify the NTP access for the grid/member.

=over

=item B<Example>

 # Create NTP access objects
 my $ntpac1 = Infoblox::Grid::NTPAccess->new(
                                             address => "2.2.2.2",
                                             service => "Time",
                                            );

 my $ntpac2 = Infoblox::Grid::NTPAccess->new(
                                             address => "4.4.4.4",
                                             service => "Time and NTP control",
                                            );

 $grid->ntp_access_list([$ntpac1,$ntpac2]);

 my $grid = $session->get(
    object  => "Infoblox::Grid",
    name    => "Infoblox"
  );

  unless ($grid) {
      die("get Grid failed:" ,
          $session->status_code(), $session->status_detail());
  }

 $grid->ntp_access_list([$ntpac1,$ntpac2]);

 #Applying the changes to appliance through session.
 $session->modify($grid)
      or die("modify Grid failed:" ,
       $session->status_code(), $session->status_detail());

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to configure and retrieve the attribute value of an NTP access object.

=head2  address( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the IPv4 address of the external NTP client. Use "Any" to apply this permission to all clients.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid values are an IPv4 address of the external NTP client, or "Any".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get address
 my $address = $ntp_access->address();
 #Modify address
 $ntp_access->address("4.4.4.4");

=back

=back

=head2 service( )

=over

Use this method to specify to which service this NTP Access object applies.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid values are "Time" or "Time and NTP control".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get service
 my $service = $ntp_access->service();
 #Modify service
 $ntp_access->service("Time and NTP control");

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Member|Infoblox::Grid::Member>, L<Infoblox::Grid|Infoblox::Grid>,L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
