=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ObjectsChangesTrackingSetting - the object changes tracking setting.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object changes tracking setting object is used to display the object changes state and to enable or disable the object changes tracking feature.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $object_changes = Infoblox::Grid::ObjectsChangesTrackingSetting->new(
     enable => 'true' | 'false', #Optional / Default is 'false'
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

+The following functions can be applied to an object changes tracking setting object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid->objects_changes_tracking_setting( )

=over

Use this function to specify the object changes tracking settings for the Grid. See L<Infoblox::Grid/objects_changes_tracking_setting()|Infoblox::Grid/objects_changes_tracking_setting()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get objects_changes_tracking_setting value
 my $value = $object->objects_changes_tracking_setting();

 #Construct objects_changes_tracking_setting value
 my $objects_changes_tracking_setting = Infoblox::Grid::ObjectsChangesTrackingSetting->new(
     enable => 'true',
 );

 #Modify objects_changes_tracking_setting value
 $object->objects_changes_tracking_setting($objects_changes_tracking_setting);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set and retrieve the attribute values of an object changes tracking setting object.

=head2 enable( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the flag that indicates whether the object changes tracking feature is enabled or disabled.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to enable the object changes tracking feature or 'false' to disable it.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable value
 my $value = $object->enable();

 #Modify enable value
 $object->enable('true');

=back

=back

=head2 enable_completion( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the object changes tracking completion percentage. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is an unsigned integer between 0 and 100.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable_completion value
 my $value = $object->enable_completion();

=back

=back

=head2 max_objs_to_track( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the maximum number of objects retained for change tracking.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an unsigned integer.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get max_objs_to_track value
 my $value = $object->max_objs_to_track();

 #Modify max_objs_to_track value
 $object->max_objs_to_track(10);

=back

=back

=head2 max_time_to_track( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the maximum time period (in seconds) to track the deleted object changes.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an unsigned integer that represents time period (in seconds).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get max_time_to_track value
 my $value = $object->max_time_to_track();

 #Modify max_time_to_track value
 $object->max_time_to_track(10);

=back

=back

=head2 state( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the object changes tracking state. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid values are 'ENABLING', 'ENABLED', 'DISABLED' and 'ENABLING_ERROR'.

=item B<Example>

 #Get state value
 my $value = $object->state();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid|Infoblox::Grid>,
L<Infoblox::Grid/objects_changes_tracking_setting()|Infoblox::Grid/objects_changes_tracking_setting()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
