=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::RestartBannerSetting - The restart banner setting.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Restart Banner Setting object controls the banner displayed for Grid restart.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $restart = Infoblox::Grid::RestartBannerSetting->new(
     enable                     => "true" | "false", #Mandatory
     enable_double_confirmation => "true" | "false", #Optional / Default is "false"
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions are available to apply to a restart banner setting object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid->restart_banner_setting( )

=over

Use this function to specify the restart banner settings for the Grid. See L<Infoblox::Grid-E<gt>restart_banner_setting()|Infoblox::Grid/restart_banner_setting()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 my $grid = $session->get(object => 'Infoblox::Grid');

 my $banner = Infoblox::Grid::RestartBannerSetting->new(enable => 'true');
 $grid->restart_banner_setting($banner);
 my $response = $session->modify($grid);
 unless($response) {
      die("Modify grid failed: ",
            session->status_code() . ":" . session->status_detail());
 }
 print "Grid banner setting modified successfully\n";

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set and retrieve the attribute values of a Restart Banner Setting object.

=head2 enable( )

=over

Use this method to set the enable flag.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to enable the banner or "false" to disable it.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable
 my $enable = $banner->enable();
 #Modify enable
 $banner->enable("true");

=back

=back

=head2 enable_double_confirmation( )

=over

Use this method to set the enable_double_confirmation flag. If this flag is set to "true" the user is required to input name before restarting services. 

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to enable double confirmation or "false" to disable it.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable_double_confirmation
 my $enable_double_confirmation = $banner->enable_double_confirmation();
 #Modify enable_double_confirmation
 $banner->enable_double_confirmation("true");

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid|Infoblox::Grid>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
