=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart - a Grid Service Restart setting object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Grid Service Restart setting object provides information about service restart configurations.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $service_restart = Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart->new(
    delay           => $uint,            # Optional / Default is 10
    restart_offline => 'true' | 'false', # Optional / Default is 'true'
    timeout         => $int,             # Optional / Default is 60

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions are available to apply to a Grid Service Restart object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::DNS->restart_setting( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrive Grid DNS service restart settings. See L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS-E<gt>restart_setting()|Infoblox::Grid::DNS/restart_setting()> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get restart_setting
 my $restart_setting = $grid_dns->restart_setting();
 #Modify the retry time
 $grid_dns->restart_setting($restart_setting);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::DHCP->restart_setting( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrive Grid DHCP service restart settings. See L<Infoblox::Grid::DHCP-E<gt>restart_setting()|Infoblox::Grid::DHCP/restart_setting()> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get restart_setting
 my $restart_setting = $grid_dns->restart_setting();
 #Modify the retry time
 $grid_dns->restart_setting($restart_setting);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

=head2 delay( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve restart delay in seconds between Grid Service Groups.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an unsigned integer. The default value is 10.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get delay
 my $delay = $svcrst->delay();
 #Modify delay
 $svcrsts->delay(50);

=back

=back

=head2 restart_offline( )

=over

Use this method to enable or disable the restart of offline Grid Members.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to enable the restart of offline Grid Services or 'false' to disable it. The default value is 'true'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get restart_offline
 my $restart_offline = $svcrst->restart_offline();
 #Modify restart_offline
 $svcrsts->restart_offline('false');

=back

=back

=head2 timeout( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve timeout interval in seconds for Grid Service Groups restart.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an integer greater or equal to -1 (where -1 means infinite). The default value is 10.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get timeout
 my $timeout = $svcrst->timeout();
 #Modify timeout
 $svcrst->timeout(50);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS|Infoblox::Grid::DNS>, L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS-E<gt>restart_setting()|Infoblox::Grid::DNS/restart_setting()>, L<Infoblox::Grid::DHCP|Infoblox::Grid::DHCP>, L<Infoblox::Grid::DHCP-E<gt>restart_setting()|Infoblox::Grid::DHCP/restart_setting()>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
