=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::SyslogBackupServer - Syslog Backup Server object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Syslog Backup Server object contains configuration for external servers that are used for replication of rotated log files through SCP or FTP.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $syslog_backup_server = Infoblox::Grid::SyslogBackupServer->new(
     address        => $ipv4addr | $ipv6addr, # Optional
     directory_path => $string,               # Optional
     enable         => 'true' | 'false',      # Optional
     password       => $string,               # Optional
     port           => $uint,                 # Optional
     protocol       => 'SCP' | 'FTP',         # Optional
     username       => $string,               # Optional
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions are available to be applied to a syslog backup server object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid->syslog_backup_servers( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve an array that contains Grid-level syslog backup server settings.
See L<Infoblox::Grid-E<gt>syslog_backup_servers()|Infoblox::Grid/syslog_backup_servers()> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #get syslog_backup_servers value
 my $servers = $grid->syslog_backup_servers();

 #modify syslog_backup_servers value
 $grid->syslog_backup_servers([$server1, $server2]);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Member->syslog_backup_servers( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve an array that contains syslog backup server settings for a Grid member.
See L<Infoblox::Grid::Member-E<gt>syslog_backup_servers()|Infoblox::Grid::Member/syslog_backup_servers()> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #get syslog_backup_servers value
 my $servers = $grid_member->syslog_backup_servers();

 #modify syslog_backup_servers value
 $grid_member->syslog_backup_servers([$server1, $server2]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

=head2 address( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the IPv4 or IPv6 address of a syslog backup server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

An IPv4 address is a 32-bit number in dotted decimal notation. It consists of four 8-bit groups of decimal digits separated by decimal points (example: 192.168.1.2).

An IPv6 address is a 128-bit number represented as eight groups of four hexadecimal digits (i.e. two octets), with each group separated by a colon(:) (example: 2001:0db8:85a3:0000:0000:8a2e:0370:7334). Leading zeroes and groups of consecutive zeros within the value can be omitted to produce a more compact representation (example: 2001::1, ::1).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get address value
 my $address = $server->address();

 #modify address value
 $server->address('192.168.1.5');

=back

=back

=head2 directory_path( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the path for rotated syslog file replication.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired path in a string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get directory_path value
 my $directory_path = $server->directory_path();

 #modify directory_path value
 $server->directory_path('/path/to/directory');

=back

=back

=head2 enable( )

=over

Use this method to enable or disable the syslog backup server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to enable syslog backup server or 'false' to disable it. The default value is 'true'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get enable value
 my $enable = $server->enable();

 #modify enable value
 $server->enable('true');

=back

=back

=head2 password( )

=over

Use this method to set the syslog backup server password. This is a write-only attribute.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired password in a string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #modify password value
 $server->password('infoblox');

=back

=back

=head2 port( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the transport layer port for connection to the syslog backup server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an unsigned integer between 0 and 65535.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get port value
 my $port = $server->port();

 #modify port value
 $server->port(22);

=back

=back

=head2 protocol( )

=over

Use this method to set or retireve the transport layer protocol for the syslog backup server connection.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid values are 'FTP' and 'SCP'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get protocol value
 my $protocol = $server->protocol();

 #modify protocol value
 $server->protocol('SCP');

=back

=back

=head2 username( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the username for the syslog backup server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is a desired username in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get username value
 my $username = $server->username();

 #modify username value
 $server->username('admin');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid|Infoblox::Grid>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Member|Infoblox::Grid::Member>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
