=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::TestResult - A result object returned by various test functions.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The result object represents the evaluation status for various test operations (eg Threat Analytics server connectivity, Threat Protection server connectivity).

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to retrieve the attribute values of a test result object.

=head2 error_message( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the single error messages returned by the test operation. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, that is an error message in string format.

=item B<Example>

 #Get error_message value
 my $error_message = $object->error_message();

=back

=back

=head2 error_messages( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the list of error messages returned by the test operation. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns an array reference that contains error messages in a string format.

=item B<Example>

 #Get error_messages value
 my $error_messages = $object->error_messages();

=back

=back

=head2 overall_status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the overall status returned by the test operation. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get overall_status value
 my $overall_status = $object->overall_status();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection-E<gt>test_threat_protection_server_connectivity()|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatProtection/test_threat_protection_server_connectivity()/>,
L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics-E<gt>test_threat_analytics_server_connectivity()|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics/test_threat_analytics_server_connectivity()/>,

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
