=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics - Grid Threat Analytics object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about Grid Threat Analytics settings.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific Grid Threat Analytics object
  object - Required. It must be set to "Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics".

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     'object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify an object in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 # Use this method to modify some of the attributes of the retrieved_objs object.
 $retrieved_objs->dns_tunnel_black_list_rpz_zones([$rpz]);
 # Submit modification
 my $response = $session->modify($retrieved_objs);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve values of the Grid Threat Analytics object.

=head2 current_moduleset( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the current threat analytics model set

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::ModuleSet|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::ModuleSet> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get attribute value
 my $current_moduleset = $obj->current_moduleset();
 #Modify attribute value
 $obj->current_moduleset($current_moduleset);

=back

=back

=head2 dns_tunnel_black_list_rpz_zones( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of Response Policy Zones for DNS tunnelling requests.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array reference that contains L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone> objects.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get attribute value
 my $rpz_zones = $obj->dns_tunnel_black_list_rpz_zones();
 #Modify attribute value
 $obj->dns_tunnel_black_list_rpz_zones([$rpz_zone]);

=back

=back

=head2 download_threat_analytics_moduleset_update( )

=over

Use this method to download and install the latest threar analytics module set update, available from the Infoblox threat analytics download server.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns 1 when the operation succeeds, and 0 when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 my $res = $obj->download_threat_analytics_moduleset_update();

=back

=back

=head2 enable_auto_download( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the flag that indicates whether the automatic threat analytics module set download is enabled or disabled.


Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to enable the automatic download of the threat analytics module set or 'false' to disable it. The default value is 'false'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable_auto_download value
 my $enable_auto_download = $obj->enable_auto_download();
 #Modify enable_auto_download value
 $obj->enable_auto_download('false');

=back

=back

=head2 enable_scheduled_download( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the flag that indicates whether the scheduled download of the threat analytics module set is enabled or disabled.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to enable the scheduled download of the threat analytics module set or 'false' to disable it. The default value is 'false'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable_scheduled_download value
 my $enable_scheduled_download = $obj->enable_scheduled_download();
 #Modify enable_scheduled_download value
 $obj->enable_scheduled_download('false');

=back

=back

=head2 last_checked_for_update( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the last checked for update time for the analytics module set.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1st, 1970 UTC.

=item B<Example>

 #Get last_checked_for_update value
 my $last_checked_for_update = $obj->last_checked_for_update();

=back

=back

=head2 last_module_update_time( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the last update time for the threat analytics module set.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1st, 1970 UTC.

=item B<Example>

 #Get last_module_update_time value
 my $last_module_update_time = $obj->last_module_update_time();

=back

=back

=head2 last_module_update_version( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the version number of the last updated threat analytics module set.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get last_module_update_version value
 my $last_module_update_version = $obj->last_module_update_version();

=back

=back

=head2 last_whitelist_update_time( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the last update time for the threat analytics whitelist.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1st, 1970 UTC.

=item B<Example>

 #Get last_whitelist_update_time value
 my $last_whitelist_update_time = $obj->last_whitelist_update_time();

=back

=back

=head2 last_whitelist_update_version( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the version number of the last updated threat analytics whitelist.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get last_whitelist_update_version value
 my $last_whitelist_update_version = $obj->last_whitelist_update_version();

=back

=back

=head2 module_update_policy( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the updated policy for the threat analytics module set.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid values are 'AUTOMATIC' and 'MANUAL'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get module_update_policy value
 my $module_update_policy = $obj->module_update_policy();
 #Modify module_update_policy value
 $obj->module_update_policy('MANUAL');

=back

=back

=head2 scheduled_download( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the schedule settings for the threat analytics module set download.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an L<Infoblox::Grid::ScheduleSetting|Infoblox::Grid::ScheduleSetting> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get scheduled_download value
 my $scheduled_download = $obj->scheduled_download();
 #Modify scheduled_download value
 $obj->scheduled_download($sched_download);

=back

=back

=head2 test_threat_analytics_server_connectivity( )

=over

Use this method ot test the connectivity with the Infoblox threat analytics download server.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns an L<Infoblox::Grid::TestResult|Infoblox::Grid::TestResult> object if connectivity test occurs and 0 otherwise.

=item B<Example>

 my $res = $obj->test_threat_analytics_server_connectivity();

=back

=back

=head2 update_threat_analytics_moduleset( )

=over

Use this method to update the threat analytics module set

Note that to update the threat analytics module set, the threat analytics update file should be uploaded via L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>import_data()|Infoblox::Session/import_data()/> method


=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 mode - Optional. Specify 'TEST' to check uploaded module set or 'EXECUTE' to apply updates to the current module set. The default value is 'EXECUTE'.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns 1 when the operation succeeds, and 0 when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 my $res = $obj->update_threat_analytics_moduleset(mode => 'TEST');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>, 
L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone>, 
L<Infoblox::Grid::ScheduleSetting|Infoblox::Grid::ScheduleSetting>, 
L<Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::ModuleSet|Infoblox::Grid::ThreatAnalytics::ModuleSet>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
