=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::TimeZone - Grid time zone object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Grid TimeZone object is used to set the time zone for an Infoblox appliance.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 #Constructor for an Grid Time zone object
 my $time_zone = Infoblox::Grid::TimeZone->new (
         time_zone    => $time_zone            #Required
         ntp_enabled  => "true" | "false"      #Optional / Default "false"
     );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in Infoblox::Session that you can apply to a grid TimeZone object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve existing objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attributes to get a grid TimeZone object:

 none.

=item B<Example>

 my @result_array = $session->get( "object" => "Infoblox::Grid::TimeZone");

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 # Use method to modify the time zone.
 $object->time_zone( "(UTC - 8:00) Pacific Time (US and Canada), Tijuana" );
 $object->ntp_enabled( "false" );
 # Submit modification
 my $response = $session->modify( $object );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute value of a time zone.

=head2  ntp_enabled( )

=over

Use this method to enable/disable NTP (Network Time Protocol).

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to enable NTP or "false" to disable it. Default value is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ntp_enabled
 my $enable = $object->ntp_enabled();
 #Modify ntp_enabled
 $object->ntp_enabled("true");

=back

=back

=head2 time_zone( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve  a time_zone.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Desired time in string format. Following are the available Time Zones:

 '(UTC - 12:00)'
 '(UTC - 11:00) Midway Island, Samoa'
 '(UTC - 10:00) Hawaii'
 '(UTC - 9:00) Alaska'
 '(UTC - 8:00) Pacific Time (US and Canada), Tijuana'
 '(UTC - 7:00) Arizona'
 '(UTC - 7:00) Mountain Time (US and Canada)'
 '(UTC - 6:00) Central Time (US and Canada)'
 '(UTC - 6:00) Mexico City, Tegucigalpa'
 '(UTC - 6:00) Saskatchewan'
 '(UTC - 5:00) Bogota, Lima, Quito'
 '(UTC - 5:00) Eastern Time (US and Canada)'
 '(UTC - 5:00) Indiana (East)'
 '(UTC - 4:00) Caracas'
 '(UTC - 4:00) Atlantic Time (Canada)'
 '(UTC - 4:00) Santiago'
 '(UTC - 3:30) Newfoundland'
 '(UTC - 3:00) Brasilia'
 '(UTC - 3:00) Buenos Aires'
 '(UTC - 2:00) Mid-Atlantic'
 '(UTC - 1:00) Azores'
 '(UTC) Casablanca'
 '(UTC) Coordinated Universal Time'
 '(UTC) Dublin'
 '(UTC) Lisbon'
 '(UTC) London'
 '(UTC + 1:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna'
 '(UTC + 1:00) Belgrade, Bratislava, Budapest, Ljubljana, Prague'
 '(UTC + 1:00) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris'
 '(UTC + 1:00) Sarajevo, Skopje, Sofija, Warsaw, Zagreb'
 '(UTC + 2:00) Athens, Vilnius'
 '(UTC + 2:00) Bucharest'
 '(UTC + 2:00) Cairo'
 '(UTC + 2:00) Harare'
 '(UTC + 2:00) Helsinki'
 '(UTC + 2:00) Jerusalem'
 '(UTC + 2:00) Kaliningrad'
 '(UTC + 3:00) Baghdad, Istanbul, Kuwait, Minsk, Riyadh'
 '(UTC + 3:00) Nairobi'
 '(UTC + 3:00) Moscow, St    .   Petersburg, Volgograd'
 '(UTC + 3:30) Tehran'
 '(UTC + 4:00) Dubai'
 '(UTC + 4:00) Baku'
 '(UTC + 4:00) Samara'
 '(UTC + 4:30) Kabul'
 '(UTC + 5:00) Ekaterinburg'
 '(UTC + 5:00) Islamabad, Karachi'
 '(UTC + 5:30) Bombay, Calcutta, Madras, New Delhi'
 '(UTC + 5:30) Colombo'
 '(UTC + 6:00) Dhaka'
 '(UTC + 6:00) Omsk'
 '(UTC + 6:30) Rangoon'
 '(UTC + 7:00) Bangkok, Hanoi'
 '(UTC + 7:00) Krasnoyarsk'
 '(UTC + 8:00) Beijing, Chongqing, Shanghai'
 '(UTC + 8:00) Hong Kong'
 '(UTC + 8:00) Irkutsk'
 '(UTC + 8:00) Perth'
 '(UTC + 8:00) Singapore'
 '(UTC + 8:00) Taipei'
 '(UTC + 9:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo'
 '(UTC + 9:00) Seoul'
 '(UTC + 9:00) Yakutsk'
 '(UTC + 9:30) Adelaide'
 '(UTC + 9:30) Darwin'
 '(UTC + 10:00) Brisbane'
 '(UTC + 10:00) Canberra, Sydney'
 '(UTC + 10:00) Melbourne, Victoria'
 '(UTC + 10:00) Guam'
 '(UTC + 10:00) Hobart'
 '(UTC + 10:00) Vladivostok'
 '(UTC + 11:00) Solomon Islands'
 '(UTC + 11:00) Magadan'
 '(UTC + 12:00) Anadyr'
 '(UTC + 12:00) Auckland'
 '(UTC + 12:00) Fiji'
 '(UTC + 12:00) Marshall Islands'

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #Get time_zone
 my $time_zone = $object->time_zone();
 #Modify time_zone
 $object->time_zone("(UTC - 8:00) Pacific Time (US and Canada), Tijuana");

=back

=back

=head1 SAMPLE CODE

The following sample code demonstrates different operations that can be applied to an object such as create, modify, and remove an object. This sample code also includes error handling for the operations.

 #PROGRAM STARTS: Include all the modules that will be used
 use strict;
 use Infoblox;

 #Create a session to the Infoblox appliance
 my $session = Infoblox::Session->new(
     master   => "192.168.1.2",
     username => "admin",
     password => "infoblox"
 );
 unless ($session) {
    die("Construct session failed: ",
        Infoblox::status_code() . ":" . Infoblox::status_detail());
 }
 print "Session created successfully\n";

 my @result_array = $session->get( "object" => "Infoblox::Grid::TimeZone");
 if( defined @result_array  and scalar( @result_array ) > 0 )
  {
         my $object = $result_array[0];
         unless ($object) {
                 die("Get on Time zone failed: ",
         $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
         }
 #Modify time_zone
 $object->time_zone("(UTC - 8:00) Pacific Time (US and Canada), Tijuana");
 my $enable = $object->ntp_enabled();
 $object->ntp_enabled( "true" );
 $session->modify($object)
    or die("Modify on Time zone failed: ",
            $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 print "Grid Time zone modified successfully \n";
 }
 else
 {
         print "No  TimeZone Structure found !!!\n";
 }

 ####PROGRAM ENDS####

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get(/)>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
