=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::UpdatesDownloadMemberConfig - An Updates Download Member Configuration object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Updates Download Member Configuration object provides information and settings for configuring Member that is responsible for updates download.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $http_proxy_setting = Infoblox::Grid::UpdatesDownloadMemberConfig->new(
     member    => $string | undef,                  #Required
     interface => 'ANY' | 'VIP' | 'LAN2' | 'MGMT', #Required
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions are available to be applied to a Updates Download Member Configuration object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid->updates_download_member_config( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of updates download member configurations. 
See L<Infoblox::Grid-E<gt>updates_download_member_config()|Infoblox::Grid/updates_download_member_config()/> for parameters andreturn values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get updates_download_member_config value
 my $updates_download_member_config = $grid->updates_download_member_config();

 #Modify updates_download_member_config value
 $grid->updates_download_member_config([$conf1, $conf2]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a Updates Download Member Configuration object.

=head2 interface( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the source interface for updates download requests.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid values are 'ANY', 'VIP', 'LAN2' and 'MGMT'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get interface value
 my $interface = $obj->interface();

 #Modify interface value
 $obj->interface('ANY');

=back

=back

=head2 is_online( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the flag that indicates whether the updates download member is on-line or not.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get is_online value
 my $is_online = $obj->is_online();

=back

=back

=head2 member( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the updates download member name.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a desired member's name in a string format or undef for Grid Master.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get member value
 my $member = $obj->member();

 #Modify member value
 $obj->member('desired-member.com');

 #Modify member value to Grid Master
 $obj->member(undef);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid|Infoblox::Grid>, 
L<Infoblox::Grid-E<gt>updates_download_member_config()|Infoblox::Grid/updates_download_member_config()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
