=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::HSM::AllGroup - All HSM groups.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a read-only object which allows reading of all hsm groups.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

The Infoblox::Grid::HSM::AllGroup object is a read-only object and does not require manual construction.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in an Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to the Infoblox::Grid::HSM::AllGroup object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 my $allgroup = $session->get(object => "Infoblox::Grid::HSM::AllGroup");

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to retrieve the attribute values of the Infoblox::Grid::HSM::AllGroup object.

=head2 groups( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the list of HSM groups. This attribute is read-only and cannot be modified.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value as an array reference that contains  L<Infoblox::Grid::HSM::Thales::Group|Infoblox::Grid::HSM::ThalesGroup> and L<Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet::Group|Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNetGroup> object(s).

=item B<Example>

  #Get groups
  my $groups = $allgroup->groups();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet::Group|Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNetGroup>, L<Infoblox::Grid::HSM::Thales::Group|Infoblox::Grid::HSM::ThalesGroup>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
