=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet::Group - SafeNet HSM (Hardware Security Module) Group object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Hardware Security Modules (HSMs) are used for secure private key storage, and key generation and zone-signing offloading.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $hsm_group = Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet::Group->new(
     name                    => $string,                                            #Required
     passphrase              => $string,                                            #Required
     hsm_servers             => [$safenet1, ...],                                   #Required
     hsm_version             => "LunaSA_4" | "LunaSA_5" | "LunaSA_6",               #Required
     comment                 => $string,                                            #Optional / Default value is empty
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in an Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to a SafeNet HSM Group object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->add( )

=over

Use this method to add an object to the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Construct an object
 my $hsm_group = Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet::Group->new(
     name                    => "SafeNetGroup",
     passphrase              => "PassPhrase",
     comment                 => "This is a test SafeNet HSM Group",
     hsm_servers             => [$safenet1],
     hsm_version             => "LunaSA_4",
     );

 #Submit for addition
 my $response = $session->add($hsm_group);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => "Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet::Group",
     name   => "SafeNetGroup");

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify an object in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 # Use this method to modify the comment of a SafeNet HSM Group object.
 $hsm_group->comment("This is modified SafeNet HSM Group object");

 # Submit modification
 my $response = $session->modify($hsm_group);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->remove( )

=over

Use this method to remove an object from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/> for parameters and return values.

To remove a specific object, first use get() to retrieve the object, and then submit it for removal.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get the objects with the specified name.
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => "Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet::Group",
     name   => "SafeNetGroup");

 #Find the desired object on the retrieved list.
 my $desired_hsmgroup = $retrieved_objs[0];

 # Submit for removal
 my $response = $session->remove($desired_hsmgroup);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object => "Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet::Group",
     name   => "SafeNetGroup");

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of an HSM Group object.

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a descriptive comment.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Desired comment in string format with a maximum of 256 bytes.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get comment
 my $comment = $hsm_group->comment();

 #Modify comment
 $hsm_group->comment("Modified comment");

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the name of the SafeNet HSM Group object.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Desired name for the SafeNet HSM Group object in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name
 my $name = $hsm_group->name();

 #Modify name
 $hsm_group->name("SafeNetGroup2")

=back

=back

=head2 passphrase( )

=over

Use this method to set the passphrase that is used to unlock the key store. This is a write-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a string, which cannot include a tab and carriage return.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #Modify passphrase
 $hsm_group->passphrase("pass1234");

=back

=back

=head2 hsm_servers( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of SafeNet servers in a SafeNet HSM Group object.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array reference that contains  L<Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet|Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet> object(s).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get SafeNet HSM servers list
 my $hsm_servers = $hsm_group->hsm_servers();

 #Modify SafeNet HSM servers list
 my $safenet_server1 = Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet->new(
    name               => 'server1',
    partition_serial   => 123,
    server_certificate => '/tmp/safenet/cert1.pem',
 );
 my $safenet_server2 = Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet->new(
    name               => 'server2',
    partition_serial   => 456,
    server_certificate => '/tmp/safenet/cert2.pem',
 );

 $hsm_group->hsm_servers([$safenet_server1,$safenet_server2]);

=back

=back

=head2 hsm_version( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the HSM version of the SafeNet HSM Group.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The value can be either "LunaSA_4", "LunaSA_5" or "LunaSA_6".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value of "LunaSA_4", "LunaSA_5" or "LunaSA_6".

=item B<Example>

 #Get hsm_version
 my $hsm_version = $hsm_group->hsm_version();

 #Modify hsm_version
 $hsm_version->hsm_version("LunaSA_4");

=back

=back

=head2 serial_number( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the serial number of the SafeNet HSM Group. This attribute is read-only and cannot be modified.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get serial_number
 my $serial_number = $hsm_group->serial_number();

=back

=back

=head2 status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the status of the SafeNet HSM Group. This attribute is read-only and cannot be modified.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value of "UP" or "DOWN".

=item B<Example>

 #Get status
 my $status = $hsm_group->status();

=back

=back

=head1 SAMPLE CODE

The following sample code demonstrates the different functions that can be applied to an object such as add, get, modify and remove. This sample also includes error handling for the operations.

B<#Preparation prior to getting and modifying a grid member object>

 use strict;
 use Infoblox;

 #refers to Infoblox Appliance IP address
 my $host_ip = "192.168.1.2";

 #Create a session to the Infoblox appliance

 my $session = Infoblox::Session->new(
     master   => $host_ip,
     username => "admin",
     password => "infoblox"
 );
 unless ($session) {
        die("Construct session failed: ",
                Infoblox::status_code() . ":" . Infoblox::status_detail());
 }
 print "Session created successfully\n";

B<#Create a SafeNet HSM Group object>

 my $safenet_server = Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet->new(
     name                => "20.0.0.1",
     partition_serial    => 1234,
     server_certificate  => '/tmp/safenet/cert.pem',
     );
 unless ($safenet_server) {
        die("Construct safenet server object failed: ",
                Infoblox::status_code() . ":" . Infoblox::status_detail());
 }
 print "SafeNet server object created successfully\n";

 my $hsm_group = Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet::Group->new(
     name         => "SafeNet Group",
     passphrase   => 'pass',
     hsm_servers  => [safenet_server],
     hsm_version  => "LunaSA_4",
     );
 unless ($hsm_group) {
        die("Construct SafeNet HSM Group object failed: ",
                Infoblox::status_code() . ":" . Infoblox::status_detail());
 }
 print "SafeNet HSM Group object created successfully\n";

 #Add the SafeNet HSM object to appliance through session
 my $response = $session->add($hsm_group);

 unless ($response) {
     die("Add SafeNet HSM Group failed: ",
            $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }
 print "SafeNet HSM Group added successfully \n";

B<#Get and modify the SafeNet HSM Group object>

 #Get SafeNet HSM Group through session
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object   => "Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet::Group",
     name     => "SafeNet Group",
     );
 my $hsm_group = $retrieved_objs[0];

 unless ($hsm_group) {
     die("Get SafeNet HSM Group object failed: ",
            $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }
 print"Get SafeNet HSM Group successful \n";

 # Modify one of the attributes of the selected SafeNet HSM Group.

 $hsm group->comment("Modified hsm group object");

 #Applying the changes
 $session->modify($hsm_group)
    or die("Modify SafeNet HSM Group failed",
             $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 print "SafeNet HSM Group modified successfully \n";

B<#Remove the grid member object>

 #Get SafeNet HSM Group through session
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => "Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet::Group",
     name   => "SafeNet Group",
     );
 my $desired_hsm_group = $retrieved_objs[0];

 unless ($desired_hsm_group) {
     die("Get SafeNet HSM Group object failed: ",
            $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 }
 print "Get SafeNet HSM Group successful \n";

 #Submit the object for removal
 $session->remove($desired_hsm_group)
     or die("Remove SafeNet HSM Group failed",
            $session->status_code() . ":" . $session->status_detail());
 print "SafeNet HSM Group removed successfully \n";

 ####PROGRAM ENDS####

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet|Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
