=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet - SafeNet HSM (Hardware Security Module) Server object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

An Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet object represents a server configured in the SafeNet HSM group.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $hsm_server = Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet->new(
     name                 => $string,                # Required
     partition_serial     => $uint,                  # Required
     server_certificate   => $string,                # Required
     disabled             => "true" | "false",       # Optional / Default value is "false"
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a SafeNet HSM Server object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet::Group->hsm_servers( )

=over

Use this function to add or retrieve SafeNet HSM servers in the SafeNet HSM group. See L<Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet::Group-E<gt>hsm_servers()|Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNetGroup/hsm_servers()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Construct a SafeNet HSM Group
 my $hsm_group = Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet::Group->new(
     name          => 'SafeNetGroup',
     passphrase    => 'PassPhrase',
     hsm_servers   => [],
     hsm_version   => "LunaSA_4",
 );

 # Configure the SafeNet HSM server in the SafeNet HSM Group object.
 my $response = $hsm_group->hsm_servers([$hsm_server]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to configure and retrieve the attribute values of an Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet object.

=head2 disabled( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the disabled setting.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to disable the SafeNet HSM Server object or "false" to enable it. Default value is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value as "true" or "false".

=item B<Example>

 #Get disabled flag
 my $disabled = $hsm_server->disabled();

 #Modify disabled flag
 $hsm_server->disabled("true");

=back

=back

=head2 is_fips_compliant( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the FIPS compliant mode status. This attribute is read-only and cannot be modified.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value as "true" or "false".

=item B<Example>

 #Get is_fips_compliant flag
 my $is_fips_compliant = $hsm_server->is_fips_compliant();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the IP address or the domain name for the HSM.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

String with the IP address or the domain name for the HSM.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name
 my $name = $hsm_server->name();

 #Modify name
 $hsm_server->name("SafeNet");

=back

=back

=head2 partition_capacity( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the partition capacity percentage used. This attribute is read-only and cannot be modified.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get partition_capacity
 my $partition_capacity = $hsm_server->partition_capacity();

=back

=back

=head2 partition_id( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the partition label on the HSM. This attribute is read-only and cannot be modified.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get partition_id
 my $partition_id = $hsm_server->partition_id();

=back

=back

=head2 partition_serial( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the serial number of the partition on the HSM.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

An unsigned integer.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get partition_serial
 my $partition_serial = $hsm_server->partition_serial();

 #Modify partition_serial
 $hsm_server->partition_serial(12345);

=back

=back

=head2 server_certificate( )

=over

Use this method to generate the server certificate of the SafeNet HSM server. This attribute is write-only and cannot be retrieved.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

String with the content of the server certificate or a reference to a file.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #Set server_certificate as string
 $hsm_server->server_certificate($cert);

 #Set server_certificate as reference to a file
 $hsm_server->server_certificate('/tmp/safenet/cert.pem');

=back

=back

=head2 status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the status of the SafeNet HSM server. This attribute is read-only and cannot be modified.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value as "UP" or "DOWN".

=item B<Example>

 #Get status
 my $status = $hsm_server->status();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNet::Group|Infoblox::Grid::HSM::SafeNetGroup>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
