=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::HSM::Thales - Thales HSM (Hardware Security Module) Server object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

An Infoblox::Grid::HSM::Thales object represents a server configured in the HSM group.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $hsm_server = Infoblox::Grid::HSM::Thales->new(
     remote_ip       => $ipv4addr,                       # Required
     keyhash         => $string,                         # Required
     disabled        => "true" | "false",                # Optional / Default value is "false"
     remote_port     => $num,                            # Optional / Default value is 9004
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions can be applied to an HSM Server object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::HSM::Thales::Group->thales_hsm( )

=over

Use this function to add or retrieve HSM servers in the HSM group. See L<Infoblox::Grid::HSM::Thales::Group-E<gt>thales_hsm()|Infoblox::Grid::HSM::ThalesGroup/thales_hsm()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Construct an HSM Group
 my $hsm_group = Infoblox::Grid::HSM::Thales::Group->new(
     name                    => "HSM Group",
     key_server_ip           => "10.0.0.1",
     key_server_port         => 9004,
     comment                 => "A new HSM Group ",
     thales_hsm              => []
 );

 # Configure the HSM server in the HSM Group object.
 my $response = $hsm_group->thales_hsm([$thales_server]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to configure and retrieve the attribute values of an Infoblox::Grid::HSM::Thales object.

=head2 disabled( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the disabled setting.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to disable the HSM Server object or "false" to enable it. Default value is "false".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get disabled flag
 my $disabled = $thales_server->disabled();
 #Modify disabled flag
 $thales_server->disabled("true");

=back

=back

=head2 keyhash( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the key hash used to authenticate the HSM.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Desired key hash in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get key hash
 my $key = $thales_server->keyhash();
 #Modify key hash
 $thales_server->keyhash("123hashxyz");

=back

=back

=head2 remote_ip( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the IP address of the Thales HSM server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The IPv4 address of the Thales HSM server.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get the Thales HSM server IP address
 my $remote_ip = $thales_server->remote_ip();
 #Modify the Thales HSM server IP address
 $thales_server->remote_ip("20.0.0.9");

=back

=back

=head2 remote_port( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the remote port setting of the Thales HSM server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid values are between 1 and 65535.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get remote port
 my $remote_port = $thales_server->remote_port();
 #Modify remote port
 $thales_server->remote_port(9012);

=back

=back

=head2 remote_esn( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Electronic Serial Number (ESN) of the Thales HSM server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get remote ESN
 my $remote_esn= $thales_server->remote_esn();

=back

=back

=head2 status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the status of the Thales HSM server.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value as "UP" or "DOWN".

=item B<Example>

 #Get status
 my $status= $thales_server->status();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::HSM::Thales::Group|Infoblox::Grid::HSM::ThalesGroup>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
