=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Cursor - Manages paged searches.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This class enables users to conduct database searches returning large datasets in an object-by-object manner.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $cursor=$session->new_cursor(
                                fetch_size     => 200,
                                object         => "Infoblox::DNS::AllRecords",
                                return_methods => ['name'],
                                name           => ".*"
                               );

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use when creating a cursor used for paged searches.

=head2 fetch_size( )

=over

This method is used to set the amount of records returned from the back-end to the client for every request. Larger values
will cause less requests to be sent to the back-end and more memory used on the client-side; smaller values will cause
more requests.

The default value is 100.

=back

=head2 other parameters

=over

Other parameters for this constructor are any valid search parameters as described in L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>

=back

=head2 Supported object types

=over

Paged search is supported for the following object types:

=over

=item L<Infoblox::DNS::AllRecords|Infoblox::DNS::AllRecords>

=item L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone>

=item L<Infoblox::DHCP::FixedAddr|Infoblox::DHCP::FixedAddr>

=item L<Infoblox::DHCP::Network|Infoblox::DHCP::Network>

=item L<Infoblox::DNS::Host|Infoblox::DNS::Host>

=item L<Infoblox::DNS::Record::A|Infoblox::DNS::Record::A>

=item L<Infoblox::DNS::Record::AAAA|Infoblox::DNS::Record::AAAA>

=item L<Infoblox::DNS::Record::PTR|Infoblox::DNS::Record::PTR>

=item L<Infoblox::DNS::Record::TXT|Infoblox::DNS::Record::TXT>

=item L<Infoblox::DNS::Record::MX|Infoblox::DNS::Record::MX>

=item L<Infoblox::DNS::Record::SRV|Infoblox::DNS::Record::SRV>

=item L<Infoblox::DNS::Record::CNAME|Infoblox::DNS::Record::CNAME>

=item L<Infoblox::DNS::Record::DNAME|Infoblox::DNS::Record::DNAME>

=back

=back

=head1 SAMPLE CODE

The following sample code demonstrates how to execute a paged search.

 #PROGRAM STARTS: Include all the modules that will be used
    $cursor=$session->new_cursor(
                                 fetch_size => 100,
                                 object => "Infoblox::DNS::AllRecords",
                                 name   => '.*',
                                );

    while ($current_record = $cursor->fetch()) {
        # $current_record will contain a matching record object
    }

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
