=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DTC - A DTC functions.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides access to DTC functions.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $dtc = Infoblox::DTC->new(
    'session' => $session,      # Required
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 query( )

=over

Use this method to perform a DTC query on a given member.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is an L<Infoblox::DTC::Query::Parameters|Infoblox::DTC::Query::Parameters> object.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns an L<Infoblox::DTC::Query::Response|Infoblox::DTC::Query::Response> object when operation succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #perform DTC query
 my $response = $dtc->query($params);

=back

=back

=head2 import_maxminddb( )

=over

Use this method to upload the MaxMind database.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to upload a MaxMind Database:

     path - Required. The path to a tar archive that contains the MaxMind database.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns "true" when an upload of a MaxMind Database has been performed successfully, and returns "false" when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #upload MaxMind DB
 my $res = $dtc->import_maxminddb(path => $path_to_maxminddb);

=back

=back

=head2 add_certificate( )

=over

Use this method to upload a DTC certificate.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to upload a DTC certificate:
     
    path - Required. The path to the DTC certificate file.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns 'true' when the upload of a DTC certificate has been performed successfully, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #add certificate with a path given
 my $res = $dtc->add_certificate(path => $path_to_cert);

=back

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DTC::Query::Parameters|Infoblox::DTC::Query::Parameters>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
