=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdSites::Domain - the Active Directory Domain object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about the Active Directory Domain. 

=head1 SESSION METHODS

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

   name          - Optional. The Active Directory Domain name in DNS form.
   netbios       - Optional. The Active Directory Domain name in NetBIOS form.
   network_view   - Optional. The network view which the Active Directory Domain is associated with.
   ea_definition - Optional. Extensible attribute definition that is linked with this Active Directory Domain. 

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
    name          => 'domain.com',
    netbios       => 'DOMAIN',
    network_view  => 'external',
    ea_definition => 'DOMAIN.external Site',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

   ea_definition - Optional. Extensible attribute definition that is linked with this Active Directory Domain. 
   name          - Optional. The Active Directory Domain name in DNS form.
   netbios       - Optional. The Active Directory Domain name in NetBIOS form.
   network_view   - Optional. The network view which the Active Directory Domain is associated with.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
    netbios => 'DOMAIN*',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

=head2 ms_sync_master_name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve IP address or FQDN of the managing master Microsoft Server. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ms_sync_master_name value
 my $sync_master_name = $domain->ms_sync_master_name();

=back

=back

=head2 ea_definition( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve extensible attribute definition that is linked with the Active Directory Domain. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ea_definition value
 my $ea_definition = $domain->ea_definition();

=back

=back

=head2 network_view( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the network view which the Active Directory Domain is associated with. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get network_view value
 my $network_view = $domain->network_view();

=back

=back

=head2 netbios( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Active Directory Domain name in NetBIOS form. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get netbios value
 my $netbios = $domain->netbios();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Active Directory Domain name in DNS form. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name value
 my $name = $domain->name();

=back

=back

=head2 read_only( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the flag that indicates if this Active Directory Domain is synchronized in Read-Only or Read/Write mode. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is "true" or "false".

=item B<Example>

 #Get read_only value
 my $read_only = $domain->read_only();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get(/)>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> 


=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
