=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdSites::Site - object that represents Active Directory Site. 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about Active Directory Site. 

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $ms_adsite = Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdSites::Site->new(
    domain   => $adsites_domain,                #Required
    name     => $string,                        #Required
    networks => [$network1, $network2, ...],    #Optional / Default is undefined
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in an Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to the Active Directory Site.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->add( )

=over

Use this method to add an object to the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 my $site = Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdSites::Site->new(
     domain   => $domain,
     name     => 'Site0',
     networks => [$network1, $network2],
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->remove( )

=over

Use this method to remove an object from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/> for parameters and return values.

To remove a specific object, first use get() or search() to retrieve the specific object, and then submit this object for removal.

=over

=item B<Example>

 my $site = $session->get(
     domain => $domain,
     name   => 'Site0',
 );

 $session->remove($site);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

   name   - Optional. The Active Directory Site name.
   domain - Optional. An Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdSites::Domain object.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
    name   => 'Site0',
    domain => $domain,
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify an object in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 $site->name('Site2');
 $session->modify($site);

=back

=back 

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

   name   - Optional. The Active Directory Site name.
   domain - Optional. An Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdSites::Domain object.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
    name   => 'Site*',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

=head2 domain( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve Active Directory Domain to which this Active Directory belongs.

Note that you can create a Site object with a given Active Directory Domain but once you've created, you will not be able modify a Domain of existing objects.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is an L<Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdSites::Domain|Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdSites::Domain> object.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get domain value
 my $domain = $site->domain();

=back

=back

=head2 move_subnets( )

=over

Use this method to move subnets beetween Active Directory Domain Sites.

=over

=item B<Parameters>

 networks - a list of Infoblox::DHCP::Network and Infoblox::DHCP::IPv6Network objects to perform the move operation on.

=item B<Returns>

The method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

=item B<Example>

 #move subnets to the site
 $site->move_subnets(
    networks => [$network1, $network2],
 );

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the Active Directory Site name.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a string that contains the Active Directory Site name.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name value
 my $name = $site->name();
 #Modify name value
 $site->name('Site1');

=back

=back

=head2 networks( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of networks associated with this Active Directory Site. 

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a list of L<Infoblox::DHCP::Network|Infoblox::DHCP::Network>, L<Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer|Infoblox::DHCP::NetworkContainer>, L<Infoblox::DHCP::IPv6Network|Infoblox::DHCP::IPv6Network> and L<Infoblox::DHCP::IPv6NetworkContainer|Infoblox::DHCP::IPv6NetworkContainer> objects. 

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get networks value
 my @networks = $site->networks();
 #Modify networks value
 $site->networks([$network1, $network2, $network3]);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get(/)>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>, L<Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdSites::Domain|Infoblox::Grid::MSServer::AdSites::Domain>, L<Infoblox::DHCP::Network|Infoblox::DHCP::Network>, L<Infoblox::DHCP::IPv6Network|Infoblox::DHCP::IPv6Network> 

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
