=head1 NAME

Infoblox::LDAP::EA_Mapping - An LDAP Extensible Attribute Mapping object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Mapping of LDAP field to Extensible Attribute.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $ea_mapping = Infoblox::LDAP::EA_Mapping->new(
    attr_name    => $string,
    ext_attr_def => $attr_def,                     # An Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef object
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The LDAP Extensible Attribute Mapping object does not support any session methods.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of an LDAP Extensible Attribute Mapping object.

=head2 attr_name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the name of an LDAP attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The name of an LDAP attribute in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get attribute value
 my $value = $ea_mapping->attr_name();
 #Modify attribute value
 $ea_mapping->attr_name('homephone');

=back

=back

=head2 ext_attr_def( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the definition of an extensible attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

An L<Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef|Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef> object.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get attribute value
 my $value = $ea_mapping->ext_attr_def();
 #Modify attribute value
 $ea_mapping->ext_attr_def($attr_def);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::LDAP::AuthService|Infoblox::LDAP::AuthService>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef|Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
