=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::UpgradeGroup::Member - Upgrade Group Member object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This object is used to represent Upgrade Group Grid members.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $member = Infoblox::Grid::UpgradeGroup::Member->new(
     member         => $string, # Required, name of the member
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions are available to apply to an Upgrade Group Member object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::UpgradeGroup->members( )

=over

Use this function to specify the members that belong to this upgrade group. See L<Infoblox::Grid::UpgradeGroup-E<gt>members()|Infoblox::Grid::UpgradeGroup/members()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 my $member1 = Infoblox::Grid::UpgradeGroup::Member->new(
                                                        member => 'hostname.com',
                                                       );
 unless($member1) {
      die("Construct member failed: ",
            Infoblox::status_code() . ":" . Infoblox::status_detail());
 }
 print "Member object created successfully\n";

 #Create the upgrade group object with this member
 my $sgu = Infoblox::Grid::UpgradeGroup->new(
                                             name                         => "groupname1",
                                             comment                      => "group name 1 comment",
                                             distribution_policy          => "sequentially",
                                             upgrade_policy               => "simultaneously",
                                             distribution_dependent_group => 'distgroup1',
                                             upgrade_dependent_group      => 'distgroup2',
                                             distribution_time            => '2020-12-22T11:22:33Z',
                                             upgrade_time                 => '2021-12-22T11:22:33Z',
                                             members                      => [$member1],
                                             );

 my $response = $session->add($sgu)
 unless($response) {
      die("Add upgrade group failed: ",
            session->status_code() . ":" . session->status_detail());
 }
 print "Upgrade group created successfully\n";

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set and retrieve the attribute values of an Upgrade Group Member object.

=head2 member( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the name of the member.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The name of the grid member.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get member
 my $member = $member->member();
 #Modify member
 $member->member("192.168.1.3");

=back

=back

=head2 time_zone( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the time zone of the member.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

none

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get time_zone
 my $time_zone = $member->time_zone();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::UpgradeGroup|Infoblox::Grid::UpgradeGroup>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
