=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::IPAMThreshold - IPAM Utilization SNMP Threshold object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about the IPAM utilization SNMP threshold.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $obj = Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::IPAMThreshold->new(
    'reset_value'   => $uint,    # optional
    'trigger_value' => $uint,    # optional
 );

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to retrieve the attribute values of an object.

=head2 reset_value( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a reset threshold value for the trap.

=over

=item B<Returns>

Valid value is unsigned integer between 0 and 100 inclusive.

=item B<Parameter>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get attrubute value
 my $value = $obj->reset_value();
 #Set attribute value
 $obj->reset_value(55);

=back

=back

=head2 trigger_value( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a trigger threshold value for the trap.

=over

=item B<Returns>

Valid value is unsigned integer between 0 and 100 inclusive.

=item B<Parameter>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get attrubute value
 my $value = $obj->trigger_value();
 #Set attribute value
 $obj->trigger_value(55);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
