=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::IPAMTrap - IPAM Utilization SNMP Trap object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about the IPAM utilization SNMP trap.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $obj = Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::IPAMTrap->new(
    'enable_email_warnings' => 'true' | 'false',     # optional
    'enable_snmp_warnings'  => 'true' | 'false',     # optional
 );

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to retrieve the attribute values of an object.

=head2 enable_email_warnings( )

=over

Use this method to enable or disable email notifications.

=over

=item B<Returns>

Specify 'true' to enable email notifications or 'false' to disable it. The default value is 'true'.

=item B<Parameter>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get attrubute value
 my $value = $obj->enable_email_warnings();
 #Set attribute value
 $obj->enable_email_warnings('true');

=back

=back

=head2 enable_snmp_warnings( )

=over

Use this method to enable or disable SNMP notifications.

=over

=item B<Returns>

Specify 'true' to enable SNMP notifications or 'false' to disable it. The default value is 'true'.

=item B<Parameter>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get attrubute value
 my $value = $obj->enable_snmp_warnings();
 #Set attribute value
 $obj->enable_snmp_warnings('true');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
