=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::TrapNotification  - Trap Notification object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This object represents the trap notification settings of the Infoblox::Grid and Infoblox::Grid::Member object. The object allows you to control which trap categories are enabled, and for which trap categories mail notification will be sent.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

Use the following parameters to construct the Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::TrapNotification object

 my $trap_notification = Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::TrapNotification->new(
    trap_type       =>  $string,              #Required
    enable_email    =>  "true" | "false",     #Optional / Default is  "false"
    enable_trap     =>  "true" | "false",     #Optional / Default is  "true"
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions are available to apply to an SNMP Trap Notification object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid->trap_notifications( )

=over

Use this function to specify trap notification settings at the grid level. See
L<Infoblox::Grid-E<gt>trap_notifications()|Infoblox::Grid/trap_notifications()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get a reference to a trap notifications array
 my $trap_notifications = $grid->trap_notifications();
 #Modify trap notifications
 my $notifications = $grid->trap_notifications();
 foreach(@$notifications){if $_->trap_type() eq 'CPU'; $_->enable_email="true";} #Change value for 'CPU' trap
 $grid->trap_notifications($notifications);
 $session->modify($grid);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Member->trap_notifications( )

=over

Use this function to specify a trap notifications at the member level. See L<Infoblox::Grid::Member-E<gt>trap_notifications()|Infoblox::Grid::Member/trap_notifications()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get a reference to a trap notifications array
 my $trap_notifications = $member->trap_notifications();
 #Modify trap notifications
 my $notifications = $member->trap_notifications();
 foreach(@$notifications){if $_->trap_type() eq 'CPU'; $_->enable_email="true";} #Change value for 'CPU' trap
 $member->trap_notifications($notifications);
 $session->modify($member);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to retrieve the attribute values of a Trap Notification object.

=head2 enable_email( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the enable_email flag of a Trap Notification object.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

none

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the  enable_email flag value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get  enable_email flag
 my $enable_email = $trap_notification->enable_email();
 #Set  enable_email flag
 $trap_notification->enable_email();

=back

=back

=head2 enable_trap( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the enable_trap flag of a Trap Notification object.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

none

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the  enable_trap flag attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get  enable_trap flag
 my $enable_trap = $trap_notification->enable_trap();
 #Set  enable_trap flag
 $trap_notification->enable_trap();

=back

=back

=head2 trap_type( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the category of a trap in the Trap Notification object.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

none

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the  category of the trap attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get category of trap
 my $trap_type = $trap_notification->trap_type();
 #Set category of trap
 $trap_notification->trap_type();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid|Infoblox::Grid>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Member|Infoblox::Grid::Member>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
