=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::TrapReceiver - Grid SNMP TrapReceiver object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Grid SNMP TrapReceiver object is used to set or retrieve the IP address and user name of a trap receiver.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::TrapReceiver->new(
     address => $ip_address,  #Required
     user => $snmpv3user      #Required
 );

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of an SNMPv3 TrapReceiver object.

=head2 address()

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the IP address of the trap receiver.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

IPv4 address of the trap receiver

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get trap receiver address
 my $ip=$trap_receiver->address();
 #Set trap receiver address
 $trap_receiver->address("192.168.1.2");

=back

=back

=head2 user()

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the user name for the trap receiver.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

A reference to the Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::User object or the user name in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get trap receiver user
 my $user=$trap_receiver->user();
 #Set trap receiver user
 $trap_receiver->user($user);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::User|Infoblox::Grid::SNMP::User>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
