=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Notification::REST::TemplateInstance - A REST API template instance.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The REST API template instance is used to configure REST API template setting for notification rule and REST API endpoint.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $templ_instance = Infoblox::Notification::REST::TemplateInstance->new(
     template   => $string,                 #Required
     parameters => [$param1, $param2, ...], #Optional / Default is empty list
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not have any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

This section describes all the functions that you can apply to REST API template instance object.

=head2 Infoblox::Notification::Rule->template_instance( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the REST API template instance.
See L<Infoblox::Notification::Rule-E<gt>template_instance()|Infoblox::Notification::Rule/template_instance()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get template_instance value
 my $template_instance = $object->template_instance();

 #Modify template_instance value
 $object->template_instance($instance);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Notification::REST::Endpoint->template_instance( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the REST API template instance.
See L<Infoblox::Notification::REST::Endpoint-E<gt>template_instance()|Infoblox::Notification::REST::Endpoint/template_instance()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get template_instance value
 my $template_instance = $object->template_instance();

 #Modify template_instance value
 $object->template_instance($instance);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a REST API template instance object.

=head2 template( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the REST API template name.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an L<Infoblox::Notification::REST::Template|Infoblox::Notification::REST::Template> object name.

=item B<Returns>

If you have specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get template value
 my $template = $object->template();

 #Modify template value
 $object->template('template1');

=back

=back

=head2 parameters( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of template parameters.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is array of L<Infoblox::Notification::REST::TemplateParameter|Infoblox::Notification::REST::TemplateParameter> objects.

=item B<Returns>

If you have specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get parameters value
 my $parameters = $object->parameters();

 #Modify parameters value
 $object->parameters([$param1, $param2]);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Notification::REST::Template|Infoblox::Notification::REST::Template>,
L<Infoblox::Notification::REST::TemplateParameter|Infoblox::Notification::REST::TemplateParameter>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
