=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Notification::REST::TemplateParameter - A REST API template parameter.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The REST API template parameter is used to configure REST API template instance variables.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $templ_parameter = Infoblox::Notification::REST::TemplateParameter->new(
     name          => $string,                # Required
     syntax        => 'STR' | 'INT' | 'BOOL', # Required
     value         => $string,                # Optional / Default is undefined
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not have any session methods.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

This section describes all the functions that you can apply to REST API template parameter object.

=head2 Infoblox::Notification::REST::TemplateInstance->parameters( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the list of REST API template parameters.
See L<Infoblox::Notification::REST::TemplateInstance-E<gt>parameters()|Infoblox::Notification::REST::TemplateInstance/parameters()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get parameters value
 my $parameters = $object->parameters();

 #Modify parameters value
 $object->parameters([[$param1, $param2]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a REST API template parameter object.

=head2 default_value( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the template parameter default value. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get default_value value
 my $default_value = $object->default_value();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the template parameter name.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is desired name in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you have specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name value
 my $name = $object->name();

 #Modify name value
 $object->name('param1');

=back

=back

=head2 syntax( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the template parameter syntax.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid values are 'BOOL', 'STR' and 'INT'.

=item B<Returns>

If you have specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get syntax value
 my $syntax = $object->syntax();

 #Modify syntax value
 $object->syntax('INT');

=back

=back

=head2 value( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the template parameter value.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The desired value in string format.

=item B<Returns>

If you have specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get value value
 my $value = $object->value();

 #Modify value value
 $object->value('val');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Notification::REST::TemplateInstance|Infoblox::Notification::REST::TemplateInstance>,
L<Infoblox::Notification::REST::TemplateInstance-E<gt>parameters()|Infoblox::Notification::REST::TemplateInstance/parameters>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
