=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DTC::Topology::Rule::Source - A DTC Topology Rule Source object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A DTC Topology Rule Source object.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $rule_source = Infoblox::DTC::Topology::Rule::Source->new(
    source_type  => 'SUBNET' | 'CONTINENT' | 'COUNTRY' | 'SUBDIVISION' | 
                    'CITY' | 'EA0' | 'EA1' | 'EA2' | 'EA3',                      #Required
    source_value => $string,                                                     #Required
    source_op    => 'IS' | 'IS_NOT',                                             #Optional / Default is 'IS'
 );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

The object does not support any session methods. It's retrieved as a part of an L<Infoblox::DTC::Topology::Rule|Infoblox::DTC::Topology::Rule>, and used as a matching conditions for a DTC load balancer.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 source_op( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the operation used to match the value.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid values are 'IS' and 'IS_NOT'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get source_op value
 my $source_op = $source->source_op();

 #modify source_op value
 $source->source_op('IS');

=back

=back

=head2 source_type( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the source type.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid values are 'SUBNET', 'CONTINENT', 'COUNTRY', 'CITY', 'SUBDIVISION', 'EA0', 'EA1', 'EA2' and 'EA3'.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get source_type value
 my $source_type = $source->source_type();

 #modify source_type value
 $source->source_type('COUNTRY');

=back

=back

=head2 source_value( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the source value.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a string that contains the desired source value.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get source_value value
 my $source_value = $source->source_value();

 #modify source_value value
 $source->source_value('United States');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DTC::Topology::Rule|Infoblox::DTC::Topology::Rule>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut

