=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster::Group - A DDNS Principal Cluster Group object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The DDNS Principal Cluster Group object represents a set of DDNS Principal Clusters. A single group can be active at any time.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

    my $cluster = Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster::Group->new(
        name     => $string,                     # Required
        comment  => $string,                     # Optional / Default is undefined
    );

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in a Session module that you can apply to a DDNS Principal Cluster Group object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->add( )

=over

Use this method to add an object to the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #construct an object
 my $object = Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster::Group->new(
    name  => 'cluster1',
 );

 #submit for addition
 my $response = $session->add($object);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

  name    - Optional. A DDNS Principal Cluster Group name in a string format.
  comment - Optional. A DDNS Principal Cluster Group comment.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster::Group',
     name   => 'cluster1',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify an object in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Use method to modify the comment.
 $object->comment('this is a modified comment');
 #Submit modification
 my $response = $session->modify($object);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->remove( )

=over

Use this method to remove an object from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/> for parameters and return values.

To remove a specific object, first use get() or search() to retrieve the specific object, and then submit this object for removal.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get the objects with the same name
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster::Group',
     name   => 'cluster1',
 );
 #Find the desired object from the retrieved list.
 my $desired_cluster = $retrieved_objs[0];
 #Submit for removal
 my $response = $session->remove($desired_cluster);


=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

  name    - Optional. A DDNS Principal Cluster Group name in a string format.
  comment - Optional. A DDNS Principal Cluster Group comment.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster::Group',
     name   => 'group1',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 MODULE METHODS

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::DNS->ddns_principal_group( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the DDNS Principal Cluster Group. 
See L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS-E<gt>ddns_principal_group()|Infoblox::Grid::DNS/ddns_principal_group()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #get ddns_principal_group value
 my $ddns_principal_group = $object->ddns_principal_group();

 #modify ddns_principal_group value
 $object->ddns_principal_group($group1);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::DNS::Zone->ddns_principal_group( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the DDNS Principal Cluster Group. 
See L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone-E<gt>ddns_principal_group()|Infoblox::DNS::Zone/ddns_principal_group()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #get ddns_principal_group value
 my $ddns_principal_group = $object->ddns_principal_group();

 #modify ddns_principal_group value
 $object->ddns_principal_group($group1);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::DNS::View->ddns_principal_group( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the DDNS Principal Cluster Group. 
See L<Infoblox::DNS::View-E<gt>ddns_principal_group()|Infoblox::DNS::View/ddns_principal_group()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #get ddns_principal_group value
 my $ddns_principal_group = $object->ddns_principal_group();

 #modify ddns_principal_group value
 $object->ddns_principal_group($group1);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 clusters( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve a list of equivalent DDNS principal clusters. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is array of an L<Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster|Infoblox::DNS::DDNS::PrincipalCluster> objects.

=item B<Example>

 #get clusters value
 my $clusters = $object->clusters();

=back

=back

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a descriptive comment.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is a comment in string format (UTF-8) with a maximum of 256 bytes.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get comment value
 my $comment = $object->comment();

 #modify comment value
 $object->comment('desired comment');

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the DDNS Principal Cluster Group name.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Desired name in string format with a maximum of 256 bytes.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns 'true' when the modification succeeds, and returns 'false' when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get name value
 my $name = $object->name();

 #modify name value
 $object->name('foo');

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS|Infoblox::Grid::DNS>, 
L<Infoblox::Grid::DNS-E<gt>ddns_principal_group()|Infoblox::Grid::DNS/ddns_principal_group()/>, 
L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone>, 
L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone-E<gt>ddns_principal_group()|Infoblox::DNS::Zone/ddns_principal_group()/>, 
L<Infoblox::DNS::View|Infoblox::DNS::View>, 
L<Infoblox::DNS::View-E<gt>ddns_principal_group()|Infoblox::DNS::View/ddns_principal_group()/>, 


=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
