=head1 NAME

Infoblox::DNS::SharedRecord::CNAME - DNS shared CNAME record object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A shared CNAME (canonical name) record is similar to a regular CNAME record. It maps a domain name to a different domain name. The difference is that a shared CNAME record should be added into a shared record group. If this shared record group is associated with other zones, then this shared CNAME record will be shared into these zones. For more information about how shared record groups and shared records work, please refer to Infoblox Administrator Guide.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $shared_cname = Infoblox::DNS::SharedRecord::CNAME->new (
     name                  => $string,                                                           # Required
     canonical             => $string,                                                           # Required
     shared_record_group   => $string,                                                           # Required
     comment               => $string,                                                           # Optional / Default is undefined
     disable               => "true" | "false"                                                   # Optional / Default "false"
     extattrs              => { $string => $extattr, ... },                                      # Optional / Default is undefined
     extensible_attributes => { $string => $string|$num, $string => [ $string|$num, ...], ... }, # Optional / Default is undefined
     ttl                   => $num | undef,                                                      # Optional / Default is undefined
 );

You cannot set both extattrs and extensible_attributes attributes at the same time.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to a DNS shared CNAME object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->add( )

=over

Use this method to add an object to the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Construct an object
 my $shared_cname = Infoblox::DNS::SharedRecord::CNAME->new(
     canonical           => "shared_cname_canonical",
     name                => "shared_cname",
     comment             => "this is a demo shared CNAME record",
     disable             => "true",
     ttl                 => "33",
     shared_record_group => "test_srg"
 );

 # Submit for addition
 my $response = $session->add($shared_cname);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific DNS shared CNAME object:

  name                  - Optional. A host name in string format.
  comment               - Optional. A desired comment in string format.
  canonical             - Optional. A host canonical name in string format.
  extattrs              - Optional. An Infoblox::Grid::Extattr object.
  extensible_attributes - Optional. A hash reference containing extensible attributes.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => "Infoblox::DNS::SharedRecord::CNAME",
     name   => "shared_cname",
 );

 # get all CNAME shared records with a given extensible attribute
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object                => "Infoblox::DNS::SharedRecord::CNAME",
     extensible_attributes => {'Site' => 'Santa Clara'},
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify an object in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 # Use method to modify the comment.
 $shared_cname->comment("this is a modified comment");
 # Submit modification
 my $response = $session->modify($shared_cname);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->remove( )

=over

Use this method to remove an object from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/> for parameters and return values.

To remove a specific object, first use get() or search() to retrieve the specific object, and then submit this object for removal.

=over

=item B<Example>

 # Get the objects with the same name
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => "Infoblox::DNS::SharedRecord::CNAME",
     name   => "shared_cname"
 );

 # Find the desired object from the retrieved list.
 my $desired_cname = $retrieved_objs[0];

 # Submit for removal
 my $response = $session->remove($desired_cname);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for DNS shared CNAME record objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to search for a DNS shared CNAME record object:

  name                  - Optional. Host name in string format (regular expression).
  canonical             - Optional. Host canonical name in string format (regular expression).
  comment               - Optional. A comment in string format (regular expression).
  extattrs              - Optional. An Infoblox::Grid::Extattr object.
  extensible_attributes - Optional. A hash reference containing extensible attributes.

For more information about searching extensible attributes, see L<Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDefE<sol>Searching Extensible Attributes|Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef/Searching Extensible Attributes>.

=item B<Example>

 # search for all DNS CNAME objects with name which matches 'shared'with name which matches 'shared' expression in default view
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object => "Infoblox::DNS::SharedRecord::CNAME",
     name   => "shared",
 );

 # search all DNS shared CNAME records with the extensible attribute 'Site'
 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
    object                => "Infoblox::DNS::SharedRecord::CNAME",
    extensible_attributes => {'Site' => 'Santa Clara'},
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of a DNS shared CNAME record object.

=head2 canonical( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the canonical name of a DNS shared CNAME record.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The canonical name of the host for this shared CNAME record.

Note that this is not the FQDN canonical name of the host name. It is the host name portion of the FQDN name. For example, if the shared CNAME record 'shared_cname' is shared in zone test.com, then the name should be 'shared_cname'. The appliance will append 'test.com' when the shared CNAME record is populated and shared in zone test.com.

A host name can have a maximum of 256 characters.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get canonical value
 my $canonical = $shared_cname->canonical();

 #modify canonical value
 $shared_cname->canonical('new_canonical');

=back

=back

=head2 comment( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the descriptive comment of a DNS shared CNAME record.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Desired comment in string format with a maximum of 256 bytes.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get comment
 my $comment = $shared_cname->comment();
 #Modify comment
 $shared_cname->comment("Modifying the DNS CNAME comment");

=back

=back

=head2 disable( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the disable flag of a DNS shared CNAME record.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

The default value for this field is false, which means the DNS shared CNAME record is enabled.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify "true" to set the disable flag or "false" to deactivate/unset it.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get disable
 my $disable = $shared_cname->disable();
 #Modify disable
 $shared_cname->disable("true");

=back

=back

=head2 dns_canonical( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the host canonical name in punycode format. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #get dns_canonical value
 my $dns_canonical = $shared_cname->dns_canonical();

=back

=back

=head2 dns_name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the host name in punycode format. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $shared_cname->dns_name();

=back

=back

=head2 extattrs( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the extensible attributes associated with a DNS shared CNAME record object.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is a hash reference containing the names of extensible attributes and their associated values ( L<Infoblox::Grid::Extattr|Infoblox::Grid::Extattr> objects ).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get extattrs
 my $ref_extattrs = $shared_cname->extattrs();
 #Modify extattrs
 $shared_cname->extattrs({ 'Site' => $extattr1, 'Administrator' => $extattr2 });

=back

=back

=head2 extensible_attributes( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the extensible attributes associated with a DNS shared CNAME record.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

For valid values for extensible attributes, see L<Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDefE<sol>Extensible Attribute Values|Infoblox::Grid::ExtensibleAttributeDef/Extensible Attribute Values>.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get extensible attributes
 my $ref_extensible_attributes = $shared_cname->extensible_attributes();
 #Modify extensible attributes
 $shared_cname->extensible_attributes({ 'Site' => 'Santa Clara', 'Administrator' => [ 'Peter', 'Tom' ] });

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the host name of a DNS shared CNAME record.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

The attribute value can be in unicode format.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The host name of the shared CNAME record. Note that this is not the FQDN name of the host name. It is the host name portion of the FQDN name. For example, if this shared CNAME record 'shared_cname' is shared in zone test.com, then th

A host name can have a maximum of 256 characters.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name
 my $name = $shared_cname->name();
 #Modify name
 $shared_cname->name("shared_cname");

=back

=back

=head2 shared_record_group( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the shared record group of a DNS shared CNAME record.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The name of defined L<Infoblox::DNS::SRG|Infoblox::DNS::SRG> objects. The shared CNAME record will be defined under this shared record group and shared among zones associated with this shared record group.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get shared record group
 my $srg = $shared_cname->shared_record_group();
 #Modify shared record group
 $shared_cname->shared_record_group("test_srg");

=back

=back

=head2 ttl( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the Time to Live (TTL) value of a DNS shared CNAME record.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

The default value is undefined which indicates that the record inherits the TTL value of the zone.

Specify a TTL value to override the TTL value at the zone level.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

A 32-bit integer (range from 0 to 4294967295) that represents the duration in seconds that the record is cached. Zero indicates that the record should not be cached.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ttl
 my $ttl = $shared_cname->ttl();
 #Modify ttl
 $shared_cname->ttl(1800);
 #Un-override ttl
 $shared_cname->ttl(undef);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::DNS::View|Infoblox::DNS::View>, L<Infoblox::DNS::Zone|Infoblox::DNS::Zone>, L<Infoblox::DNS::SRG|Infoblox::DNS::SRG>, L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>add()|Infoblox::Session/add()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>remove()|Infoblox::Session/remove()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
