=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Request - A Grid Service Restart Request object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Grid Service Restart Request object provides information and statistics about restart service routine of the Restart Service Group.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in a Session module that you can apply to a Grid Service Restart Request object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

 group  - Optional. A Grid Service Restart Group object.
 member - Optional. A Grid Member name or object.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Request',
     group  => $group,
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to search for a specific object:

 group  - A Grid Service Restart Group object.
 member - A Grid Member name or object.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     object => 'Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Request',
     group  => $group,
 );

=back

=back

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions are available to apply to a Grid Service Restart Request object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group->requests( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve restart requests for the Grid Service Restart Group. This is a read-only attribute. See L<Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group-E<gt>requests()|Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group/requests()> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get requests
 my $requests = $svcrst_group->requests();

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 error( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve error messages for failed restart requests. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get error
 my $error = $svcrst_request->error();

=back

=back

=head2 forced( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the flag that indicates whether this is force restart request or not. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value

=item B<Example>

 #Get forced
 my $forced = $svcrst_request->forced();

=back

=back

=head2 group( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Grid Service Restart Group object that is associated with the request. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return value is an L<Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group|Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group> object.

=item B<Example>

 #Get group
 my $group = $svcrst_request->group();

=back

=back

=head2 last_updated_time( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the time when the request status has changed. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1st, 1970 UTC.

=item B<Example>

 #Get last_updated_time
 my $last_updated_time = $svcrst_request->last_updated_time();

=back

=back

=head2 member( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Grid Member name for the restart. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get member
 my $member = $svcrst_request->member();

=back

=back

=head2 needed( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the value that indicates whether a restart is required or not. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return values are 'UNKNOWN', 'CHECKING', 'YES', 'NO' and 'FAILURE'.

=item B<Example>

 #Get needed
 my $needed = $svcrst_request->needed();

=back

=back

=head2 order( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the restart order for the Grid Service Restart Request. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get order
 my $order = $svcrst_request->order();

=back

=back

=head2 result( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the result of a service restart for a particular Grid Service Restart Request. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return values are 'SUCCESS', 'TIMEOUT', 'FAILURE' and 'NORESTART'.

=item B<Example>

 #Get result
 my $result = $svcrst_request->result();

=back

=back

=head2 service( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the service to restart for a particular Grid Service Restart Request. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return values are 'DNS', 'DHCP', 'DHCPV4' and 'DHCPV6'.

=item B<Example>

 #Get service
 my $service = $svcrst_request->service();

=back

=back

=head2 state( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the state of a particular Grid Service Restart Request. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The valid return values are 'NEW', 'QUEUED', 'PROCESSING' and 'FINISHED'.

=item B<Example>

 #Get state
 my $state = $svcrst_request->state();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group|Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group>, L<Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group-E<gt>requests()|Infoblox::Grid::ServiceRestart::Group/requests()>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
