=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Member::CapacityReport - Capacity report for a specified member.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a read-only object that provides the capacity report for the specified member.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

The Infoblox::Grid::Member::CapacityReport object is a read-only object and does not require manual construction.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in an Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to the Infoblox::Grid::HSM::AllGroup object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

Apply the following attribute to get a specific capacity report object:

  name - Required. A member name.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     object => "Infoblox::Grid::Member::CapacityReport",
     name   => "infoblox.localdomain"
     );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to retrieve the attribute values of the Infoblox::Grid::Member::CapacityReport object.

=head2 hardware_type( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the member's hardware type.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  #Get hardware_type
  my $hardware_type = $report->hardware_type();

=back

=back

=head2 max_capacity( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the member's maximum object capacity.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  #Get max_capacity
  my $max_capacity = $report->max_capacity();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the member name.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  #Get name
  my $name = $report->name();

=back

=back

=head2 object_counts( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the object counts for the member.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, which is a reference to a hash that contains keys to the object types and the corresponding values to the counts of each particular object type.

=item B<Example>

  #Get object_counts
  my $object_counts = $report->object_counts();
  #Get the zone count
  my $zone_count = $object_counts->{'Zone'};

=back

=back

=head2 percent_used( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the percentage of the member capacity currently being used.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  #Get percent_used
  my $percent_used = $report->percent_used();

=back

=back

=head2 role( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the member role.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  #Get role
  my $role = $report->role();

=back

=back

=head2 total_objects( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the total number of objects on the member.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

  #Get total_objects
  my $total_objects = $report->total_objects();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get(/)>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
