=head1 NAME

Grid::Member::Communication  - Grid::Member::Communication object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The structure stores information regarding service, transport type and preference.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a communication object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Member->member_service_communication( )

=over

Use this function to retrieve a reference to an array of Infoblox::Grid::Member::Communication objects that represents the communication settings for an Infoblox appliance.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Retrieve the member object
 my $member = $session->get(object => 'Infoblox::Grid::Member', name => 'hostname.com');

 # Access its communication settings
 my @communication = @{$member->member_service_communication()};
 print $communications[0]->type();

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 option( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the flag when the service is either forced to use one type of transport or have a preference for the transport type. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, which can be either "FORCE" or "PREFER".

=item B<Example>

 #Get option
 my $option = $comm->option();

=back

=back

=head2 service( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve services for which communication type can be configured.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is one of the following: "GRID", "GRID_BACKUP", "NTP", "REPORTING", "REPORTING_BACKUP", "OCSP", "MAIL", "AD".

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get service
 my $service = $comm->service();
 # Modifying service
 $comm->service("GRID");

=back

=back

=head2 type( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the transport type.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is IPv4 or IPv6.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get type
 my $type = $comm->type();
 # Modifying type
 $comm->type("IPv4");


=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Member|Infoblox::Grid::Member>/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
