=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Member::IPv6StaticRoute - Static route member object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

An IPv6StaticRoute object provides IPv6 static route information for a grid member.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $route = Infoblox::Grid::Member::IPv6StaticRoute->new(
	"address" => $ip_address,	#Required
	"gateway" => $ip_address,	#Required
	"cidr"    => $cidr,			#Required
 );

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions can be applied to an IPv6staticroute object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Member->ipv6_static_routes( )

=over

Use this function to specify an IPv6staticroute object for the grid member. See L<Infoblox::Grid::Member-E<gt>ipv6_static_routes()|Infoblox::Grid::Member/ipv6_static_routes()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Get static routes list
 my $ipv6_static_routes = $grid_member->ipv6_static_routes();
 #Modify static routes list
 my $route = Infoblox::Grid::Member::IPv6StaticRoute->new(
	"address" => "2002::5",
	"cidr"    => 64
	"gateway" => "2002::1",
 );
 $grid_member->ipv6_static_routes([$route]);

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to configure and retrieve the attribute values of an IPv6 static route object.

=head2 address( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the IPv6 address of an IPv6 static route object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

An IPv6 address is a 128-bit number represented as eight groups of four hexadecimal digits (i.e. two octets), each group separated by a colon(:) (example: 2001:0db8:85a3:0000:0000:8a2e:0370:7334). Leading zeroes and groups of consecutive zeros within the value can be omitted to produce a more compact representation (example: 2001::1, ::1).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get the address
 my $address= $route->address();
 #Modify the address
 $route->address("2002::5");

=back

=back

=head2 cidr( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the cidr of the IPv6 static route object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify the netmask in CIDR format.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get the cidr
 my $cidr= $route->cidr();
 #Modify the cidr
 $route->cidr(64);

=back

=back

=head2 gateway( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the gateway of the IPv6 static route object.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

An IPv6 address is a 128-bit number represented as eight groups of four hexadecimal digits (i.e. two octets), each group separated by a colon(:) (example: 2001:0db8:85a3:0000:0000:8a2e:0370:7334). Leading zeroes and groups of consecutive zeros within the value can be omitted to produce a more compact representation (example: 2001::1, ::1).

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get the gateway address
 my $gateway= $route->gateway();
 #Modify the gateway address
 $route->gateway("2002::1");

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Member|Infoblox::Grid::Member>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
