=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Member::PreProvisioning - Pre-Provisioned member object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

An Infoblox::Grid::Member::PreProvisioning object represents pre-provisioned data for a Grid member.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

 my $pp = Infoblox::Grid::Member::PreProvisioning->new(
     hardware_info   => [$hw1, $hw2, ...],                  # Optional / an array of Infoblox::Grid::Member::PreProvisioning::Hardware objects
     licenses         => [$lic1, $lic2, ...],                # Optional / Default value is undefined
 );

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that can be used to configure and retrieve the attribute values of an Infoblox::Grid::Member::PreProvisioning object.

=head2 hardware_info( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the hardware information.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is an array of L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::PreProvisioning::Hardware|Infoblox::Grid::Member::PreProvisioning::Hardware> objects.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get get hardware_info()
 my $hw = $pp->hardware_info();
 #Modify hardware_info
 $pp->hardware_info([$hw1, $hw2]);

=back

=back

=head2 licenses( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve pre-provisioning licenses.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Valid value is an array of valid licenses for each IB model type for the pre-provisioinig feature.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get get license()
 my $lics = $pp->license();
 #Modify hardwary_info
 $pp->license(['dns', 'dhcp']);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Member|Infoblox::Grid::Member>, L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::PreProvisioning::Hardware|Infoblox::Grid::Member::PreProvisioning::Hardware>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
