=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Member::QueryFQDNResponse - A FQDN query response.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A FQDN query call response objects. This object is returned from
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>query_fqdn_on_member()|Infoblox::Session/query_fqdn_on_member()/> function call.

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

Note that this is a read-only object.

=head2 result( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a dig request return code.

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, which can be 'NOERROR', 'FORMERR', 'SERVFAIL', 'NXDOMAIN', 'NOTIMP', 'REFUSED' or 'INTERNAL_ERROR'.

=item B<Example>

 #Get result value
 my $result = $object->result();

=back

=back

=head2 result_text( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a dig result multilined text.

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, a dig result text in string format.

=item B<Example>

 #Get result_text value
 my $result_text = $object->result_text();

=back

=back

=head2 dig_started( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a timestamp since dig started.

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, the number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1st, 1970.

=item B<Example>

 #Get dig_started value
 my $dig_started = $object->dig_started();

=back

=back

=head2 source_address( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve a source IP address of the query.

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, the IP address in string format.

=item B<Example>

 #Get source_address value
 my $source_address = $object->source_address();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>query_fqdn_on_member()|Infoblox::Session/query_fqdn_on_member()/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
