=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Member::RestartServiceStatus - The restart status for member services.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The object provides information about the restart status for member services.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in an Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to an object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return  values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to get a specific object:

  member - Optional. The Grid member name.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->get(
     'object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::Member::RestartServiceStatus',
     'member' => 'hostname.com',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key References>

 Apply the following attributes to search for an object:

  member - Optional. The Grid member name.

=item B<Example>

 my @retrieved_objs = $session->search(
     'object' => 'Infoblox::Grid::Member::RestartServiceStatus',
     'member' => 'hostname.com',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to configure and retrieve the attribute values of an object.

=head2 dhcp_status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the restart status for the member DHCP service. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value that can be 'CONFIG_ERROR', 'DISABLED', 'NO', 'NO_PERMISSION', 'NO_REQUEST', 'OFFLINE', 'REQUESTING', 'RESTART_PENDING' or 'YES'.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->dhcp_status();

=back

=back

=head2 dns_status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the restart status for the member DNS service. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value that can be 'CONFIG_ERROR', 'DISABLED', 'NO', 'NO_PERMISSION', 'NO_REQUEST', 'OFFLINE', 'REQUESTING', 'RESTART_PENDING' or 'YES'.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->dns_status();

=back

=back

=head2 member( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the Grid member name. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->member();

=back

=back

=head2 radius_status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the restart status for the member RADIUS service. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value that can be 'CONFIG_ERROR', 'DISABLED', 'NO', 'NO_PERMISSION', 'NO_REQUEST', 'OFFLINE', 'REQUESTING', 'RESTART_PENDING' or 'YES'.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->radius_status();

=back

=back

=head2 reporting_status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the restart status for the member reporting service. This is a read-only attribute.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value that can be 'CONFIG_ERROR', 'DISABLED', 'NO', 'NO_PERMISSION', 'NO_REQUEST', 'OFFLINE', 'REQUESTING', 'RESTART_PENDING' or 'YES'.

=item B<Example>

 # Get attribute value
 my $value = $object->reporting_status();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
