=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Member::ServiceStatus - Service Status object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This object is used to report the service status on an Infoblox appliance. All methods are to be considered read-only.

=head1 MODULE METHODS

The following functions can be applied to a ServiceStatus object.

=head2 Infoblox::Grid::Member->service_status( ), Infoblox::Grid::Member->node1_service_status( ), Infoblox::Grid::Member->node2_service_status( )

=over

Use this function to retrieve a reference to an array of Infoblox::Grid::Member::ServiceStatus objects that represents the service status for an Infoblox appliance.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Retrieve the member object
 my $member = $session->get(object => 'Infoblox::Grid::Member', name => 'hostname.com');

 # Access its service status
 my @services = @{$member->service_status()};
 print $services[0]->status();

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to retrieve the attribute value of an appliance's service status.

=head2 description( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the description of the current ServiceStatus object.

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value, which depends on the value of the 'service' method:

 service value (for service_status) returned by this method
 ===================================================================
 DHCP - DHCP service status
 DNS - DNS service status
 NTP - NTP service status
 TFTP -  Percentage of the file distribution storage space that is used
 HTTP_FILE_DIST - Percentage of the file distribution storage space that is used
 FTP - Percentage of the file distribution storage space that is used
 BLOXTOOLS - CPU/memory/disk space usage percentage
 DNS_CACHE_ACCELERATION - DNS Cache Acceleration service status.

 service value (for node1/2_service_status) returned by this method
 ===========================================================================
 NODE_STATUS - Node status
 CPU1_TEMP - CPU1 temperature in Celsius
 CPU2_TEMP - CPU2 temperature in Celsius
 DISK_USAGE - Disk usage percentage
 ENET_LAN - LAN1 interface IP
 ENET_LAN2 - LAN2 interface IP
 ENET_HA - HA interface IP
 ENET_MGMT - MGMT interface IP
 LCD - State of the LCD process (running/not running)
 MEMORY - Memory usage percentage
 REPLICATION - HA replication state
 DB_OBJECT - Database capacity usage percentage
 RAID_DISK1 - Disk status and type
 RAID_DISK2 - Disk status and type
 RAID_DISK3 - Disk status and type
 RAID_DISK4 - Disk status and type
 FAN1 - Fan 1 speed
 FAN2 - Fan 2 speed
 FAN3 - Fan 3 speed
 POWER_SUPPLY - Power status
 NTP_SYNC - Indicates if there are "reachable" NTP associations
 TEMP_SYS - System temperature in Celsius
 RAID_BATTERY - RAID battery status
 CPU_USAGE - CPU Usage
 BGP - BGP service status
 OSPF - OSPF service status
 OSPF6 - OSPFv6 service status
 SWAP_USAGE - Swap Usage

=item B<Example>

 #Get description
 my $description = $service_status->description();

=back

=back

=head2 status( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the service status.

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value. Valid values are "Failed", "Warning", "Working", and "Inactive"

=item B<Example>

 #Get status
 my $status = $service_status->status();

=back

=back

=head2 service( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the service identifier.

=over

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value. Possible values when the object is retrieved via service_status are:

ANALYTICS, ATP, BLOXTOOLS, CAPTIVE_PORTAL, CLOUD_API, DHCP, DISCOVERY, DNS, DNS_CACHE_ACCELERATION, FTP,
HSM, HTTP_FILE_DIST, NTP, REPORTING, TAXII, TFTP

Possible values when the object is retrieved via node1/2_service_status are:

AUTH_NAMED, BGP, CORE_FILES, CPU1_TEMP, CPU2_TEMP, CPU_USAGE, CPU_USAGE, DB_OBJECT, DISCOVERY_CAPACITY, 
DISK_SIZE, DISK_USAGE, ENET_HA, ENET_LAN, ENET_LAN2, ENET_MGMT, EXTERNAL_STORAGE, FAN1, FAN2, 
FAN3, FAN4, FAN5, FAN6, FAN7, FAN8, JOIN_STATUS, LCD, MEMORY, MGM_SERVICE, NETWORK_CAPACITY, 
NODE_STATUS, NTP_SYNC, OSPF, OSPF6, PASSIVE_HA_CONNECTIVITY, POWER1, POWER2, POWER3, POWER4, 
POWER_SUPPLY, RAID_BATTERY, RAID_DISK1, RAID_DISK2, RAID_DISK3, RAID_DISK4, RAID_DISK5, 
RAID_DISK6, RAID_DISK7, RAID_DISK8, RAID_SUMMARY, REPLICATION, SFP_HA, SFP_LAN, SFP_LAN2, SFP_MGMT, 
SNIC_CHIP_TEMP, SNIC_CORE_UTIL, SNIC_PCB_TEMP, SNIC_UTIL, SUBGRID_CONN, SWAP_USAGE, SYS_TEMP, VPN_CERT

=item B<Example>

 #Get service
 my $service = $service_status->service();

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Grid::Member|Infoblox::Grid::Member>/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc. 

=cut
