=head1 NAME

Infoblox::Grid::Member::Taxii - A Taxii Member object.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Taxii Member object provides information on Taxii service configuration such as the start/stop flag and RPZ (Response Policy Zone) configuration.

=head1 SESSION METHODS

This section describes all the methods in an Infoblox::Session module that you can apply to a Taxii Member object.

=head2 Infoblox::Session->get( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve all the matching objects from the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to get a specific object:

   ipv4addr - Optional. IPv4 Member address.
   ipv6addr - Optional. IPv6 Member address.
   name     - Optional. The host name of the parent member.

=item B<Example>

 #Get Taxii Member object with name 'taxii_member.com'
 my @taxii_member = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::Grid::Member::Taxii',
     name   => 'taxii_member.com',
 );

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->modify( )

=over

Use this method to modify an object in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Example>

 #Modify enable_service value
 $taxii_member->enable_service('true');

 #Submit modification
 $session->modify($taxii_member);

=back

=back

=head2 Infoblox::Session->search( )

=over

Use this method to search for objects in the Infoblox appliance. See L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/> for parameters and return values.

=over

=item B<Key Reference>

 Apply the following attribute to search a specific object:

   ipv4addr - Optional. IPv4 Member address (regular expression).
   ipv6addr - Optional. IPv6 Member address (regular expression).
   name     - Optional. The host name of the parent member.

=item B<Example>

 #Search for Taxii Member object with name starting with 'taxii'
 my @taxii_member = $session->get(
     object => 'Infoblox::Grid::Member::Taxii',
     name   => 'taxii.*',
 );

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

This section describes all the methods that you can use to set or retrieve the attribute values of the object.

=head2 enable_service( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the flag that indicates whether the Taxii service is running on the given member or not.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

Specify 'true' to start/enable Taxii service or 'false' to stop/deactivate it.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get enable_service value
 my $enable_service = $object->enable_service();

 #Modify enable_service value
 $object->enable_service('true');

=back

=back

=head2 ipv4addr( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the IPv4 address of the Taxii member. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ipv4addr value
 my $ipv4addr = $object->ipv4addr();

=back

=back

=head2 ipv6addr( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the IPv6 address of the Taxii member. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get ipv6addr value
 my $ipv6addr = $object->ipv6addr();

=back

=back

=head2 name( )

=over

Use this method to retrieve the name of the Taxii member. This is a read-only attribute.

Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

None

=item B<Returns>

The method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get name value
 my $name = $object->name();

=back

=back

=head2 taxii_rpz_config( )

=over

Use this method to set or retrieve the Taxii service RPZ configuration list.

Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value.

=over

=item B<Parameter>

The valid value is an array of L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::Taxii::RPZConfig|Infoblox::Grid::Member::Taxii::RPZConfig>.

=item B<Returns>

If you specified a parameter, the method returns true when the modification succeeds, and returns false when the operation fails.

If you did not specify a parameter, the method returns the attribute value.

=item B<Example>

 #Get taxii_rpz_config value
 my $taxii_rpz_config = $object->taxii_rpz_config();

 #Modify taxii_rpz_config value
 $object->taxii_rpz_config([$conf1, $conf2]);

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Infoblox Inc. L<http://www.infoblox.com/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Infoblox::Session|Infoblox::Session>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>get()|Infoblox::Session/get()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>modify()|Infoblox::Session/modify()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Session-E<gt>search()|Infoblox::Session/search()/>, 
L<Infoblox::Grid::Member::Taxii::RPZConfig|Infoblox::Grid::Member::Taxii::RPZConfig>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2017 Infoblox Inc.

=cut
